{"transcript":"# Weekly: Khoros BU/TPM/Eng Leadership Meeting\n\n## Topics\n\n\n## Transcript\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:34:22.606Z)\nAnd we're doing the same, you know, continuously here. So what we want, and with respect to Khoros, we have this gift, and we really do look at it as a gift, the gift of Atlas, which is not something, you know, a typical setup for a lot of different products. Even Jive, you know, we have Thrive, but it's not used by customers the same way that Atlas is. So we see Atlas as this fantastic opportunity to get feedback from customers before we affect their production in a lot of ways.\n\n And I'll tell you something, too. It comes down to a conversation that I was having with Ben knew about Jive and Jive Unity. I think most of you are familiar with the whole Jive Unity project, right? The hop cloud. You know, Ben's like, we've got to go to the customers. We've got to talk to them. We've got to tell them. We've got to move them. We've got to move. I will, but they're all going to ask one question.\n\n Every one of them is going to ask one question. You guys know what that question would be?\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-28T11:35:27.690Z)\nHave you moved yourself?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:35:31.633Z)\nWell, it's what's in it for me? Why do I give a shit? Why do I Care? And Ben's answer was, there's really nothing in it for them. God, Ben, that's going to be really not a great conversation. So there is something in it for them, right? We make a fix one place. It doesn't have to be retrofitted to multiple code bases. So fixes are faster. I mean, there's ways to describe that. And it's the same thing here.\n\n We want to motivate customers, chorus customers, to get to Aurora, because our very clear strategy articulated everywhere, including last week, which is one of the reasons we rescheduled. We were at a community event in Toronto, Canada. We are living in and around these community people. We've bought a bunch of products over the years. I've never seen a product ever where the community of people, users, who happen to be community users, feel almost like they own the product.\n\n They have such a stake in it and such opinions about it. I've never seen it with any other product. I've never seen it. And they're almost righteous about it. It's really quite interesting. But that's what this was. It was a community gathering by this guy out of the UK who sponsors two of these a year and really helping them understand where things are going. And the what's in it for me will be so wonderful to be able to show them on Atlas in early mode and beta mode so they can actually touch it and feel it and say, oh, you know, God, I'd love to have that for myself.\n\n Because one of the questions these people keep asking us and me directly is, are you going to force me to leave Classic? And my answer so far has been, we have not announced end of life yet for Classic, but you can imagine, we don't want to keep two products around. But we are going to force you, but not in the way you think. We're going to force you because you're going to look at this and go, oh, my God, I got to have that.\n\n I got to have that. I mean, there's no way I could live without that. So what I really want to make certain that we to finalize is the path to taking the innovation that we're creating and getting it into Atlas first for validation, iteration, and feedback. And there's several layers to that, which will then ultimately come back into production Aurora. So we're getting people on that and publicizing that, right?\n\n And the points raised, Dora, integration, I think all that's misunderstood, frankly. I don't think that's at all what we're proposing. And that's what Anil summarized and answered here.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:38:17.907Z)\nIt makes a lot of sense. And we definitely want to support this. The thing is, there are a few challenges and questions we need to ask. Because the really important misconception we may have is thinking that this instance or Atlas is non-productive. It is. It contains customer names, PII. It contains a lot of information that we need to take Care of It cannot be a pre-production or non-productive environment, at least from the information we have.\n\n Now, if we put it somewhere else, customers need to agree on other ways to manage their data. So we need to be a bit careful about what we do there. Now, how we- What are you talking about?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:39:04.605Z)\nYou're talking about about the sensitivity of the information that is in the Atlas?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:39:10.215Z)\nIt's not sensitivity, but in the end, we have a compliance framework and you have names and personal information of human beings, like in this case, our customers, I guess, which are in Atlas. So we need to manage that as a production environment. Now, there are ways around that. Yes, we can find that. Meaning that features that come from IgniteTech can be behind feature flags and only enable on that particular instance.\n\n Things like that, which is what we're going to do anyways, because this is what we have defined as a feature strategy. Yeah, as a feature strategy anyway, having everything behind feature flags.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-28T11:39:57.149Z)\nAnd we agree with that, yes.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:39:59.290Z)\nI do agree. Now, the complicated point is, and it's on a case-by-case basis, are the bigger questions. For example, the new feature comes with new data stores, database, the streaming capabilities, or things that are not small things, like big things. And in those cases, it would be very inefficient to come with all those innovations to us after validation, and that we may have to rewrite this or to make this an import.\n\n I think if we go hand by hand from the beginning and you guys keep the entire innovation power, we probably need to have some kind of discussion as early as possible. And that's our view, basically.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:40:55.397Z)\nI do understand that view. I think there may be, and I certainly want to clear the air on this, there may be some sort of affiliation with past innovation projects that have come out of CNU into Central. As the CEO who ordered more of those than anybody in this company, I ordered a lot of those with Rahul and team. I'm well aware of Ben, I know, has a particular about that. And it was always defended as, no, no, we're not writing production code.\n\n We're just writing POCs. And that was what was happening. That's not what we're doing. And the people that we have hired and created this innovation team over the last year and a half are architects with product management background. They're not just, I used this phrase earlier in a call, ragtag, rogue guys that just know how to tell cursor to write some stuff and put it out there, see what happens.\n\n And so we're on that same base. Now, to be clear, we have some of those guys, we have some of those guys that have not written software products before, and they're closely supervised because we do agree that we want them to be productive. So yeah, we can and will share that, but it's not going to be an onslaught, like it's one thing at a time. We're going to do it, you know, incrementally. It's not like we're going to show up and have the code base, right?\n\n That's not the intent.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:42:29.068Z)\nAnd Atlas is a production, and we will follow the process for production that includes the compliance review, that includes the approval, that includes the documentation. So we won't put anything in a production environment that is Atlas without going through the process. And that is the moment that it will also be submitted to central review. But before that, we will do the QAs, the demos and everything.\n\n So, everything that will have an infrastructure problem, probably will come over way earlier than Atlas. We won't put something that is not mature enough in Atlas, right?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:43:06.191Z)\nThe thing is, if you wait for that point to basically go through compliance review, being an example, it's probably not very efficient. You want to get to that stage knowing that you're going to pass, right? Like, if you do any crazy thing, with PII, you know, since the beginning, you do all your thing, you begin developing and doing your features, and you reach a compliance review where it's going to be rejected.\n\n Had you done that at the very beginning, saying this is the project, this is how we're going to do it, and you go to, in this case, it's even Ignitec.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:43:40.257Z)\nThe central, in the last four months since we bought the company, do you have experience with compliance rejecting a bunch of things that you've done?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-28T11:43:51.614Z)\nNot as far as I know.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:43:53.475Z)\nYeah, that's what I thought. Why is Pablo highlighting this as such a risk?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:43:59.719Z)\nBecause compliance is an example, testing is another, architecture is another. Those are the usual topics in the life cycle of a development where you may have roadblocks.\n\n[Milad Chalfoun] (2025-10-28T11:44:19.704Z)\nlike the CR for the deployment, right? Like we were not allowed to raise a CR. That's a compliance problem. Someone has to, so you do have the guardrails. It doesn't always show as a CR rejected, but we do have chats with them and they highlight things that must and must not be done, right?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:44:36.773Z)\nWho is that that you're talking about, by the way?\n\n[Milad Chalfoun] (2025-10-28T11:44:40.875Z)\nThe compliance guys, we have Daniel and Anka.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:44:44.245Z)\nYou're talking about my guy. You're talking about the people that work for IgniteTech Tech. You're not talking about somebody else in the central org that's doing that.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:44:52.567Z)\nThat's right.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:44:53.828Z)\nThe idea is that IgniteTech needs and wants to innovate on the product. This will be driven a lot by the view, and we'll see how central supports that. Meanwhile, that needs to be a path that enables this innovation, and there are all these lower environments. The challenges with Atlas are real, But I think if we think about this communication loop as being months apart, it will be more trouble. If we try to close it as much as possible, trouble will be less.\n\n Just to give you a weird example, Eric, we launched feature monitoring, and that caused an outage because that payload did not fit into a DynamoDB row. Who the hell would have imagined that something as easy as that provokes an outage? Is that to say that your engineering team will provoke outages and Central will not? Come on. We're not there. I don't know. It's just anything comes with the risk.\n\n And I think that the learning here is that the faster, the earlier we do the code review or the architecture review, the more likely that we can cover and make sure that this is in the best possible shape. That's all.\n\n[Milad Chalfoun] (2025-10-28T11:45:57.235Z)\nOne more point I want to highlight. I've seen a ticket, for example, in one of the implementation that you wanted to hook to Kinesis stream, whatever, get an event to do something, right? We don't have technical details. Well, this is what the future of SalesBuilder has, you know, hooked to Kinesis, we raise events on this. And a part of it is the AI pipeline that would actually be triggered. So if we had a line, well, the products would have kind of had the same, we would have done something or...\n\n\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:46:25.140Z)\nSir, who ordered this thing called SalesBuilder?\n\n[Milad Chalfoun] (2025-10-28T11:46:28.963Z)\nThibault, because the number one goal was to unblock customers moving to Aurora and he announced...\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:46:35.887Z)\nIt's a good topic in itself. I'd like spend some time on it. But maybe let's wrap up this topic with the innovation. Clear statement, no debates, IgniteTech needs to be able to innovate. If there will be concerns, these should not be blockers, they should just be ironed out. Maybe we can, I don't know, maybe the potential designs can be shared ahead of time with FYI, there's no action, there's nothing to migrate to review, just like this is where we're writing, where you guys are writing your requirements, that might help shorten the feedback loop, but I don't think we need to spend more I think that's all we want to make sure is not something like, at some point it's done, take it over, because the bigger it is, the harder it is to digest.\n\n\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:47:14.182Z)\n100%, yeah. That's all. That conversation. So in the last few weeks, what I have seen are, I've seen gaps in, what I've seen are a lot of point strategies coming from within the BU. That weren't coalesced the way I wanted them to be. And so I've spent a lot of time with each of the teams, bringing them all together, so they understood as well. Because exactly that, why was Rule SalesBuilder ordered and by whom?\n\n By Tevo, for what? Oh, to unblock Aurora. And I don't think there was the orchestration, both within our org, as well as with Central, that I want. I want orchestration, I want us all parts of an orchestra working together to produce the right result for the customers. That's it. And we're super excited about it. We've got real things working and happening. And in many cases, again, being able to show it on Atlas without the risk of, well, I'm going to go to this new production environment.\n\n I'm going to turn that feature on. We want them to go, no, no, no. I played with it on Atlas. We're going to set them up as admins, you know, in a sandbox environment so they can actually do it themselves on our, you know, Atlas is probably the wrong word. Honestly, it's like an Atlas sandbox that doesn't have all the other customer data and that kind of stuff, just so they can see the features. It's really more of a sandbox.\n\n So, yeah.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:48:57.943Z)\ndiscussed, but I don't know if those are discussed right now. For example, Atlas today is deployed from a production pipeline, I assume. Okay, it has to be a different pipeline. Deployment is done by DevOps. I don't know, back and forth. Maybe it should. Maybe not. I think most are ironed out if there's anything else not ironed out.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:49:17.131Z)\nI think Jose already ironed that out, right?\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:49:18.892Z)\nI've discussed it with Raul. He's fine with it. And we have documented this two config line change to deploy different versions. And he's fine to do it and keep monitoring and supporting Atlas. As long as we don't change infrastructure, he's good with it.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:49:36.151Z)\nYeah, my only point is that there are on-point things, such as connect to a document, get the same, get into another call if needed, or just do it async. But I don't think this is a blocker. It's, as I said initially, IgniteTech needs to innovate. We'll do our best to make sure that there's nothing wrong in the architecture. Even more once it's migrated and purchased.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:50:00.356Z)\nNo one's running around here asserting that we know best about everything and we value and appreciate and invest in the expertise that sits at Central and we're not trying to shut that off. We need that and want that, right? Again, we see you guys as our scale engine. That's what happened with App Manager, right? App Manager was a brand new product created from the ground up by the BU with some cooperation with CNU, a small team at CNU as well.\n\n There's 15,000 on that now and growing rapidly. And that was a good process that ended up being imported into central and now is having AI innovation added. And that's working well. That's why I brought Anil. Because Anil, I mentioned we've been doing it for some time with GFI. It's working really well. I want to know where the gap is why it's working on GFI and why it's not. There was a comment that GFI is small and that's why, and I think that was really completely off the mark.\n\n Is not small. It's actually a lot more complicated than anything Quorus has by a far stretch because of the unique hardware environments, you know, down to the kernel level, right? This was the bare metal group I think is what you guys ended up calling it, right? These are those kinds of things. People and they have disastrous consequences if it goes wrong because if we roll out a release that blows up, we've actually had resellers have to get in cars and drive to customer sites to do rollbacks.\n\n It's a little different than, you know, cloud rollbacks. So we've had to be really careful, my point is there, and it's working really well. Like we've got like a well-oiled machine of working together with TPM. So, you know, I wanted to see what from that. That's why I've had a kneel in this conversation.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:51:53.268Z)\nWe continue then the discussion with Jose to make sure he talks.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:51:56.709Z)\nJose, you had another question about the release you had talked about?\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:52:03.111Z)\nI think it's something for us to be in the same page in terms of the release and cadence. We did a lot of hard work in terms of defining the process and communication. The first attempt we did, we failed in the of the lease was delayed, and we need central agent TPM to have the ownership and drive it, and making sure that with the commitments we are making to the customers, we are fulfilling it.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:52:28.291Z)\nAnd I think that's something- We had last week, I agree. Last week, we had a miss on the date.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:52:34.534Z)\nA miss on date, so it happened, but I mean, are we talking about days, or are we talking about months? Days, yeah, and one week. I'm sorry, we had a customer problem because of a one-week miss?\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:52:48.743Z)\nA lot of customers complaining to account teams, executive calls, community, raising support tickets, because we defied the new process, we told them the dates, we told them we would communicate, and then the date went by and they said, I don't have the new version, I don't receive any communication, we told them we would tell them if something goes out of the plan, we didn't, and that eroded the to the confidence and I think we were lucky with the AWS outage because they were in their mind okay it was the AWS outage so that's why it delayed that's okay and it was amazing globally even I think we were very very lucky because they automatically even in the community they were saying that okay we know that it was a big outage and that might explain but we haven't received anything.\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T11:53:35.797Z)\nWe'll make sure that it doesn't happen yeah we'll make sure that we have This was the root cause of this, was the one with the ticket not being created?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:53:45.244Z)\nWe have an entire ensemble, Eric, on how that's figured out, that's rolled out. But the very first piece, which is create the ticket, that's what was missed. It is what it is. We can't turn back time. In full disclosure, that was the issue. I don't think it will happen again. Sometimes dumb, small things can can cause a lot of headache. And that's an example of that.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:54:11.199Z)\nI mean, there is, like I said, literally, I'm a veteran of over 50 acquisitions and integrations. I've never seen a group of customers like this. One week and they're all over us, for crying out loud. I mean, come on. Really, it's amazing. It's interesting how much they, it's because they believe that the software empowers them personally. I mean, and it does, to be clear, that is what it does. But their level of ownership in it is just like nothing I've ever seen.\n\n One of the subjects, something I didn't really realize, if we're CIC, we're really not doing CD, right? Because there's a multiple month, it's like two months between deliveries, is that accurate?\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:54:56.356Z)\nNo, one month, 28 days.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-28T11:54:59.399Z)\nOne month, okay.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:55:00.740Z)\nBetween releases, but between age, raise their hand and stop working in the package and it being released is more than that.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:55:09.572Z)\nWe have it on yeah there's two more weeks so yeah around six weeks we're looking to bring it down to five weeks but six weeks between the end range but the the moment they cut off you have a week of testing right so you have waiting time on the customer I think you're saying so there's there's work time and there's wait time you're waiting on customers because you have to promote Maybe you can schedule a schedule, a calendar, because I know there's a spec that basically describes the timeline from the moment a new release is announced.\n\n And sure, if anybody finds ways to speed that up.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:55:44.522Z)\nSo we're having a lot of communication with customers, but I bet we're really poor at quality of information. Somehow we need to synchronize this communication between us, so we're telling them what what will happen, give or take a few days, right? And then I think they'll be able to live with that. I mean, we do want to own that. We want to tell them when something's coming out, when they can expect it, what's coming out.\n\n I mean, there's just been a lot of poor communication. And I'm not blaming Central for that. I'm blaming us. I think my account managers frequently just say things based on limited quality facts. I don't think they're making it up, but I think Read something or hear something or somebody says something, they tell a customer that because they're in this mode of trying to make them happy, the customers happy.\n\n\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-28T11:56:36.817Z)\nAnd from the release, that's what we did, Eric. I collected feedback from Lucy, from Jesse, from the accounts team, discussed it excessively with the central team, and we published it in Atlas, how releases works and the dates, and they have 13 days to test and to opt in, opt out, supported automated part of it. And we did this communication over email and in the Atlas, exactly for them to know what to expect.\n\n That's OK. Now the releases are monthly. They will have these time windows, and this is what they should do. We were going that direction to make sure they know how we are releasing and how it affects them in different time frames.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:57:21.136Z)\nCan we take a few minutes? I know we're late and probably you might have a hard stop but can you take five minutes to uh there's a topic I want to like bring bring up and make sure we are aligned orchestra topic you mentioned earlier so I think about chorus as having a superior pillars maintenance I don't know if you know about the huge win that engineering had over the weekend with the hackathon 70 something bugs I think we should celebrate in silence because I have a few more topics please celebrate yeah that's great Yeah, stability defense You're you should have expectations on us keeping the system stable.\n\n I will not go into that I think we have a good plan with made progress. There's more work to do. I would not spend time on that cost optimization I think we're going in a direction but the area that Always feels me makes me feel a bit uncomfortable is the offense stuff. So there are three goals I think we're getting closer to any but I think binary alignment is most important. I'll take them in order Aurora Analytics.\n\n My TLDR is the following. You want from TPM a comparison on Analytics, Classic, and Aurora. And then we'll define whether we actually invest in this. For now, you want a comparison. And this comparison should be scaled up to Classic and Aurora in general. I see this as digging a tunnel from two places. Jose is driving the tunnel from, let's see what customers are using in their customizations. And the other tunnel is like, oh, let's see what the product is doing.\n\n And we'll figure out what it means. There is no delivery on this. I mean, like code features, at least not one plan. I know things can change, but today we're not planning to tackle that. Rule builder, Milad did this research on based on what the core team, the legacy team was planning. Identify the bunch of things he'll have to take us through them that seem to be like absolutely critical and important.\n\n This is not a huge make rule builder save the world. This is something that's completely important. This was reviewed with the bold. I think I will want somebody in the new way the organization is set up to sign to look through that and sign off, add, remove, like whatever, right? I think you want predictability on that as well.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:59:25.187Z)\nYeah, because I had heard that.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:59:27.048Z)\nI had heard that. What rule builder plan were we executing? And the answer I heard was the one that the legacy team had defined. And my answer was, I have zero idea that's a valid approach or not.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:59:39.471Z)\nI think that's a broad statement. Very concrete clear things that I know and Milad will have to argument for those that are running out of time. He's basically saying these have to do it to be in and there's clear evidence tied to a customer.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:59:51.982Z)\nThat's what we want to do.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T11:59:53.403Z)\nAnd there's vision roadmap which we're not doing.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T11:59:55.803Z)\nThis whole feature parity discussion is at a minimum confusing because some of it is customizations and some of it is broad function. There's not just one or two customers on Aurora. There are dozens of customers on Aurora. So I don't understand why there's any large block of work left to move people to Aurora. And understanding what that large block of work is concretely. And I saw a sheet, I think, Milad, I think that you and Central were working from Some of these customers are already gone.\n\n So let's make sure we take them off so we don't think it's really important that we do that, because this customer's block, their ARR is blocked from moving to Aurora, and really tightening that up. Because we're not out there right now with a message to customers that, you know, you should look at Aurora, we know it's missing a whole bunch of features, but that's not the message. The message is, this is the future, you want to get here, and we've got lots of referenceable customers, Electronic Arts being one of them, who We'll come out and say, this has been successful.\n\n I think Samsung's another that was very successful. And so I just, none of us want to do work that we don't need to do.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:01:17.297Z)\nSo Milagros will have to defend what's on the rule builder on the concrete things. And let's take that as a thing. To my knowledge, there's nothing.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:01:25.522Z)\nYou said analytics. I feel the same thing. It's like, first of all, you talk about a broad term, analytics.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:01:31.834Z)\nthey were not designed to be feature parity wise to be the same they were not designed the design was in some ways common in some ways attended to different things so that's why I'm saying which you should be able to look at what's left what's right and that will be a good foundation for you know the future whether the immediate or the long-term future I don't know yeah but that's that's you know at its own pace the third and I think that these are relatively concrete analytics we're not doing anything more than a comparison rule builder we're going to illegal share and Maybe you can indicate who should Milad get a sign off from I think you're a busy person.\n\n I'm not sure if you want to do that or not.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:02:08.769Z)\nFor now, I'm directly involved in this. So you just bring it to me and I'm bringing others in as needed.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-28T12:02:17.492Z)\nAnd the last topic was GM.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:02:19.673Z)\nI made the mistake of unplugging from that. I'm not making that mistake again.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:02:26.094Z)\nAnd the last topic was GM. Which again, like bloody gold, let's make them happy, how coffee features.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:02:35.325Z)\nWe'll have the names and the setup for that. We want to have that conversation. We've already made the entrees to GM. But we don't want to, I think you and I talked about Dragos real quickly, we don't want to just say, so what do you think? Before the acquisition, there was this big Meeting that unfortunately was not recorded. Very unfortunately, but literally like a week, maybe 10 days before the acquisition.\n\n And so none of us attended, but we prepped with the legacy team on this GM call because GM had been pissed off that they hadn't been able to get any kind of clarity on going going forward on Care generally and Khoros One specifically, and they were demanding the call. And so the CEO came and said, I think we should talk to them. I said, yeah, I think you should. And what are we going to say? So we've said that, and the feedback we got was they were really pleased with that.\n\n And we've talked to them since, and they are pleased with that.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:03:39.753Z)\nAnd so do we know what was promised?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:03:43.035Z)\nWe have that deck.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:03:44.876Z)\nWe do have the deck, yes.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-28T12:03:46.998Z)\nCan somebody share it with us? I wouldn't say it's promised.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:03:49.114Z)\nI think it was, yeah, I'll find it today, I'm sure.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:03:53.076Z)\nSo the state we are in is that Pablo identified some immediate clear gaps that can be connected to actual complaints from GM, and that's like a phase number one, and also has a view of what makes the product more useful compared to spread fast, like concretely useful, not theoretically useful. But those need to be, again, like reviewed with somebody. The goal is not necessarily to go and ask the GM are we going to do that, right?\n\n The goal is to probably do something like, from these two, three things, which is the one that enables you to immediately move more work or move more flow, more users. I think we need to align on that, but I'm a bit worried because we are running out of time, quarter-wise, like clock time. If we're saying this goal, this quarter's goal is just like paint the picture and we'll work on it next quarter.\n\n\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:04:40.817Z)\nI hate the definition of the goal. I hate the definition. Make GM successful. What a ridiculous goal. Like, I don't even know what that, I mean, that's a, it's a great aspiration, but it's not even a goal, you know?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T12:04:54.051Z)\nSo no, I, it needs to map to actual things we're going to deliver.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:05:02.178Z)\nWhat's the next concrete step? Sharing that deck will help just in case.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:05:08.483Z)\nI'll find it today and share it with you. Suchi is talking to Caro, who's our main executive contact there to get the right people on that call. I should have that today as well.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:05:17.697Z)\nWho do you want to review that document? Or did you manage to review it yourself? Or do you want a working session with Pablo? And what's the best way to basically make sure that we all feel prepped for the call? It's not only about Pablo getting input. It's about all of us basically coming off as one team, one company, having a clear view, not confusing or colliding arguments.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:05:39.066Z)\nI don't have the K1 people on this call. So I have community people on this call. So, yeah, I know we're... Yeah, so I'll bring others into the K1 discussion. On the BU, I'm saying. I've got people working quite a bit on that.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:05:55.733Z)\nOkay, so maybe we should coordinate with your assistant?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:06:00.694Z)\nNo, I'll do it. I'll set it up, Dragos. I'll set it up.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-28T12:06:03.855Z)\nI know I'm insisting a bit, but just trying to...\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:06:05.896Z)\nWe'll share the deck, we're going to get the names, we'll have a pre-call to be ready internally, and then we can have the call with GM. Does that sound like a great plan? OK, great. OK, good. GM, you know, the whole Twitter thing kind of like, eh, can you guys give us a credit of $30,000? That's literally what they asked for. We're like, OK, really? That's all you want, a credit for $30,000? Like, yeah, yeah.\n\n Really, the whole Twitter thing, fascinating. Some people pissed as hell, and how dare and you're just awful people, and others are like, eh, you know.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:06:44.118Z)\nIt's so interesting, really.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:06:45.419Z)\nBy the way, does that Care in a box go anywhere, or that was just a temporary?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:06:50.721Z)\nNo, no. No, it is still going. Care in a box, is that what you called it? Care in a box? I like that.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-28T12:06:56.704Z)\nThat's what I heard. I don't know. Care in a box.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:07:01.386Z)\nWe called it Iris, but yeah. No, no, it's continuing. There's a lot of work going on on that, so yeah. If you ever need us to do something on that. Here's what's happening, so you guys know. That's going like this. K1's going like this in central. And then we're going to have to figure this out. We don't know what that looks like yet. We're still doing research on that. We don't know what that looks like,\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:07:24.183Z)\nSo I guess you're trying to define what the inner box is and how it's different from K1.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:07:29.165Z)\nYeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And by the way, for all of you, I were involved in the Twitter deletion and all, unbelievably, but X has never come back asking for another thing, ever. I really believe they were going to breathe down our neck like no tomorrow. They never, ever responded again. The only thing I can conclude is that they had some insight from customers or whatever that they could still see their stuff.\n\n And when they could still see their stuff, that's when they were really I think once it got went away, I think they it's like enough. So it's super interesting. Anyway, we're ready if they ever come. We got all the audit documents, everything else, but legal legal advice and we followed it was let's not talk to them about it. Let's not bring it up. If they bring it up, we're ready, but we're not going to go appeal to them.\n\n So anyway. And Dragos, what is that's going to be a million dollars of cost The deletion of the data?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-28T12:08:32.083Z)\nDeletion of the data on Twitter? Might be even more. Let's see.\n\n[Milad Chalfoun] (2025-10-28T12:08:37.867Z)\nCan you get that number to David Harper soon?\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:08:43.111Z)\nNot today.\n\n[Eric Vaughan] (2025-10-28T12:08:46.073Z)\nAll right, guys. All right. Good Meeting. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you."}