{"transcript":"# Khoros Outages Review\n\n## Topics\n\n\n## Transcript\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:01:04.802Z)\nsome items from the weekly report for our doc for us to discuss.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:01:11.305Z)\nAnd I see Dragos Liminal declined.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:01:20.748Z)\nAnd that accepted is Howl and Hobbit.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:01:23.229Z)\nLet's just see if they will join.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:01:24.770Z)\nHello, Pablo and Leo.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:01:36.812Z)\nHello, hello. Let me share here the work.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:02:16.787Z)\nProbably the items are not in a good order, but I will start with this one. I think we can start and then My first question was about the AWS issue. It was an external one, but everything handled well in our systems in terms of recovery and getting back once everything was sorted in AWS side. We saw any side effects or anything like that?\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:02:54.357Z)\nI would say no, because we are not hosting most of this stuff in East 1. We're hosting in West 2. So it was unaffected because of that. So we were lucky in a way. Because we were not hosting everything there.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:03:11.993Z)\nBut it was unaffected or minimal effect?\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:03:15.194Z)\nUnaffected as far as I understand.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:03:18.856Z)\nBut we did edit it in the status page as it was It was causing a lot of chatter and I said let's just put it in there so people know we're aware of it.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:03:30.177Z)\nMakes sense.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:03:31.378Z)\nHalf of the internet was down later. More than that. Yeah, more than that probably. Yes, and the other thing I saw here that the long-standing meta-authentication was fixed deploy now monitoring and I don't know when it was deployed but probably we won't have much news so far on this. If I'm not mistaken two days ago it was the fix. Yes, two days ago and probably a kind of issue that if we don't hear anything else it means that we solved it and my doubt was more in the sense of based on everything we collected during the investigation how long should be the monitoring before we call it that okay this is solved because there is still here right yeah We started monitoring now.\n\n Do we have any plan or idea in the sense of what we need to confirm that it was successful? And if it's a no event that is needed to confirm, how long will we wait until we declare that it's probably closed?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:05:04.242Z)\nI don't have a good answer on that. You're right. So we should do two things, like some monitoring should be there and we should have numbers on that. And the other is the amount of tickets that customers can buy for this report.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:05:28.890Z)\nThat means that we should proactively look at logs to see if we have the occurrences, because we added better logs on trying to investigate, but also check if customers are and the doubt is someone should look at the logs or I don't know if we have an alarm or that's my only doubt here in the sense of let's just not forget about it someone should look at it to make sure we are looking at the logs or the tickets and seeing that something is wrong or everything is good and then we can solve it it's my concern yeah the incident manager usually you know since the incident is in monitoring we check the ticket status one customer has already confirmed that things are stable so probably we'll monitor for a couple of days you know if there are no further reports we'll close the incident okay and on the log side probably that won't be with the IAM right yeah either it has to be a support agent or, like you said, if there is an alarm, someone can check it.\n\n HelloEngineer is just saying that if something happens, so probably they are waiting for a support ticket to be raised with the problem and when it's raised, they will look at the logs. If nothing is raised, nothing will be...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:06:58.925Z)\nIt's the most probable thing that is happening there. On the Balaji side, somebody will look into this, but other side, if there is no new alarm, nobody can proactively go there.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:07:12.347Z)\nI see, I see.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:07:14.048Z)\nOkay, but I mean, this was critical for multiple customers. If something happened, they will let us know. I don't think it's the ideal scenario. We could be a little bit more proactive.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:07:24.794Z)\nMaybe more certain, I don't know, Leo, is there a way like we can manually cause this issue as in that authentication stops working for Facebook and then we let it work again and see if it will try to reauthenticate. I guess that was one of the main problem, right? That it stops retrying.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:07:53.832Z)\nIt's a good question.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:07:55.112Z)\nI would assume that the developer did this test. That's a good question, Rosemarie. There's a lot of things here.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:08:10.694Z)\nOn a specific server, we can create a whole structure, like point the Facebook website API to a wrong server, basically, where it will not authenticate. Let it try to authenticate a few times, and when it fails, after that, we can fix that in PNC. And try to get it in, or not.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:08:37.369Z)\nI don't see much here.\n\n[Kevina Finn-Braun] (2025-10-22T14:08:40.809Z)\nYeah, that's a good suggestion, but I think, did development or engineering not fix, did they not test that?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:08:52.252Z)\nExactly, that's my aim.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:08:57.283Z)\nYeah, we can do it.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:09:06.635Z)\nI was trying to see exactly if we have any... I would expect that this was part of the test before the deployment. But I can't see. At least here in GitHub, it just happened.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:09:39.629Z)\nIt was tested, right? It was tested. I'm just trying to find the CR for the... Ah, there. It's A436.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:09:53.032Z)\nIt's here. But this is an automated cover test to see that nothing broke, right? This is not a specific test that we are. All automated regression tests were completed. The sticks were verified and now the issue were found. They are saying that it was tested, just not explaining how it was tested.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:10:40.446Z)\nLet's see.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:10:44.089Z)\nWe don't need to go deeper here. If we can, on the end side, just double check that it's all tested, it's all good, we don't need to do anything else and we just need to wait for a customer to report if that the case that will be good. Anything else on this one? On the EA one I saw that the RCA was rejected and all this is what we just the last time, right? We wanted to go in the next level in what was the original source.\n\n I think that probably that was the reason of the rejection, but I think that's still ongoing in terms of DevOps getting back the feedback and working in the RCA, right?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:11:47.196Z)\nSo, I think Milad was looking to that particular one. It's not in the call today, but overall we are, you know, giving a bit push to um a big push to the lcs and uh yeah that the rejection is uh usually just to tell the uh either the devops or the engineer to basically continue go deeper yeah because I yeah that was the I discussed this one with him somebody replaced uh what was value by uh is yeah and I think we wanted to go deeper in understanding what exactly happened there How did it pass?\n\n\n\n[Balaji Jayaraman] (2025-10-22T14:12:26.784Z)\nYeah, one question, Pablo.\n\n[Balaji Jayaraman] (2025-10-22T14:12:32.067Z)\nYou know, is this in a position where we can generate a customer facing version from this? Because we don't have.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:12:41.052Z)\nYeah, yes, because it's the thing he's saying. If that's the root cause, it's actually a human error. We see how we frame this, that whatever going deeper to this investigation is mainly for us to make sure it doesn't happen again.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:12:59.573Z)\nIs the assumption that it might be generated by the customization the customer pushed some hours before the outage already validated that was not the case? Because if it is the case, we want in the RCA to say you screwed up and we had to clean up. In other words, that's the point. If we don't know, that's tricky to say to them that we was our error to do something if the underlining cause might be other thing, right?\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:13:28.606Z)\nYeah, so in that case, let's wait.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:13:33.089Z)\nAnd that's the same question I had for this Cisco one. I was looking here and I understand from the documents that in the ticket that indicating that it was the customer deployed changes for that Cisco redirection probably there will be a formal RCA but the same doubt will go in the sense of the customer facing RCA has to make clear for them that okay look here this is the SVM change that broke it and it's not us who did it we need also to if they are pushing for the RCA we need to make clear in the RCA that what is the cause of the issue.\n\n\n\n[Balaji Jayaraman] (2025-10-22T14:14:15.498Z)\nNo they haven't As you can.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:14:17.699Z)\nYeah, we'll send it. On these specific RCA's, Pablo, so I believe we are referring these to the PS team or what?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:14:23.541Z)\nLike where customer make changes or PS team deploys changes.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:14:26.661Z)\nTeam never touched anything of these issues. And customization is standard feature of the product. The PS team is a team that does the same things that the customer can do, what the customer wants us to do.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:14:54.682Z)\nI understand, Jose. I'm just referring as a use case, because there are two types of use cases. One is where the PS team would also, you know, deploy some customizations for the customer.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:15:05.110Z)\nYes, if we solve the problem, we will help on fixing and doing the RCA. If not... Sure.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:15:14.064Z)\nthe one who updated specific code and caused this issue. Like DevOps is not supposed to be or expected to be, you know, do a deep dive and understand what really changed that caused the problem and then point it out to them.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:15:30.551Z)\nIt's the big issue with the product we have. The product we have allowed the customers to push things to production that can break things as a feature of the product.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:15:42.042Z)\nThat's not infrastructure.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:15:45.424Z)\nWe are just responsible for infrastructure, right?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:15:49.146Z)\nYes, but if something...\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:15:50.406Z)\nSo, code changes that customer does, that should not, like, SAS will not take responsibility of that. That's either you who take the responsibility or the customer takes the responsibility.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:16:03.733Z)\nWhy would we take the responsibility?\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:16:06.034Z)\nThe responsibility is on the customer, but the thing is, if it broke the infrastructure, you had an incident, you had to investigate why the infrastructure was down and the community was down. If the result of this is something was pushed, then you have to push back on the customer that is the person who pushes the changes. The bill has nothing with this.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:16:27.069Z)\nSo, in any case, what we'll have to do is ask questions. And that's it. And find the root cause and maybe we'll need some help from sometimes to understand the context.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:16:41.583Z)\nSo finding the root cause is the problem here, right, Pablo? So you need to understand what code changes were made and we are not supposed to investigate code changes for the customers.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:16:50.968Z)\nBut we did that during the call.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:16:53.749Z)\nI understand when the community is down, Leo, so we need to bring the community back up one way or another. That's a different thing than going and doing a root cause analysis that what particular piece of code customer changed uh, you know, that brought it down that requires, you know, core level knowledge.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:17:13.540Z)\nAnd I'm telling you that we did this during the call.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:17:17.303Z)\nSo if we have this information, because we did it within the, uh, within the call and we resolved the thing recorded somewhere.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:17:23.208Z)\nCause I was there.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:17:27.271Z)\nThat's what I'm saying. Like, you know, engineering or somebody who knows the knowledge can transfer the knowledge to the customer, otherwise like...\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:17:36.367Z)\nIt's recorded on the IM call, guys. It's just...\n\n[Kevina Finn-Braun] (2025-10-22T14:17:41.872Z)\nI think we're getting a little confused on what's being said here. Leo is saying that on the call, they recorded the information. So there is the code that caused the problem. So he's saying, we know what code caused the problem, need to take it and put it in the RCA.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:18:06.434Z)\nIf I understood correctly, I think that Usman and Rahul are raising a more generic process question, not a specific one. In a more generic scenario, I agree that, I mean, we just need to identify and somehow work with the customer doing the incident resolution or to revert the changes or something, but we should not have to support the code that they are writing. They're writing and pushing to production.\n\n We should be able to identify, okay, something broke production, let's or revert or what we'll do to bring it back. But I don't think any of us, neither PS or engineer or DevOps should, but do a PR call with the customer to say that code that they pushing.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:18:53.813Z)\nBut that's the thing. During the call, what we did was, let's go back to a non-good And then we said, okay, let's go, like, try to find what commit broke the, and then we found the commit that broke the system. And then we said, okay, then we understood, like, why this is that, like, this file here is supposed to be here and they moved that file. Like that knowledge of moving the file is engineering level, but finding the, what customization broke, it's some that anyone can do because it's on the UI.\n\n It can just say, go back to this one, go back to this one, go back to this one.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:19:34.804Z)\nAnd we should stop. That's the point. We shouldn't go deeper than that into saying that the codes line had a wrong function call that they didn't follow. We shouldn't go that deep.\n\n[Kevina Finn-Braun] (2025-10-22T14:19:52.058Z)\nIs this a function the tool that the customer can do this? Should the customer be allowed to do this?\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:19:59.598Z)\nThe thing is they have a behavior. There is a behavior on the site. This specific thing is that there is a behavior on the site about the URLs. If you change some files, it will revert back to some default changes to the default settings. And then that is what broke the system. So it's like there was a customization that they did or someone did. And then they messed with that. So it's not even part of the core of the product.\n\n It's just that they shouldn't touch that file if they wanted to keep that behavior.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:20:38.700Z)\nAnd the thing is the product we have allows too much customization without the right guardrails in the sense of if the customer screw up doing a customization, they will bring things down. And in most of the cases, instead of just thinking, I pushed something, something broke, I will revert, they will go to us to help me save my community because my community is down and I don't know why. That's a customary behavior that we'll have to fight a bit, but also to be ready to identify, okay, this was caused by this, let's revert and it's on them to...\n\n\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:21:15.407Z)\nAt a high level then, Jose, this is how I see it then. Customer did a customization on a call, we resolve this issue by just rolling back those changes. And as part of RCA, we simply say, because the customer did a new change that caused the issue and rolling back that change fixed the problem. That is our RCA.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:21:37.188Z)\nWe are not doing that. It should point that this commit or this push or this caused it and by reverting it, and that's it.\n\n[Kevina Finn-Braun] (2025-10-22T14:21:48.320Z)\nI agree.\n\n[Kevina Finn-Braun] (2025-10-22T14:21:49.200Z)\nBut how are you going to keep this from happening again?\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:21:51.622Z)\nThat is a very, very, very good question. Because in some cases, I was in IM calls with customers and it's almost like teaching them development best practices that they should test in staging before pushing to production. Basically, it should be a major product strategy in how our product is reliable or resilient enough to allow customers to not break it. That's the, that's the big thing. I completely agree.\n\n And that's what is stuck to my mind on how can we make the product customization framework as good as customers can't generate an outage because we will see more of this.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:22:35.702Z)\nSo this is where my two cents is like, you know, what I learned from the legacy team, they had a specific team that used to do these kinds of customizations. And work with the customers to do the customizations, right? And we are done away with that team. We don't have that team anymore that actually interfaces with the customer and does the customizations.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:22:57.921Z)\nRahul, Usman said the same thing. I want to investigate the teams. The Voyager team was the team that built the customization framework. So the Voyager team was the team responsible for the engineering of the SDK, for maintaining the the customers can customize, but they were not supporting customizations made by customer and by SLAs and by contracts and support contracts. Customer-made customizations were never supported by support or PS or any other team in Corvus because that doesn't make any sense.\n\n If the customer just wants to hire 200 developers to do a lot of that will just bring a burden that the Voyager team was involved with when there was an issue with the SDK framework, for example, an issue on how the customer could customize something or things like that, but they are not solving issues or jumping into helping the customers to unbreak things they broke.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:23:52.888Z)\nFixing this problem was one of the drivers for Aurora.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:23:58.732Z)\nIt's a known limitation of the existing system. The solution is to migrate people to Aurora as fast as we can, and then we should be in a good place.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:24:07.059Z)\nYeah, but I saw it happening in Aurora also. Robert we need to improve our order in that case because you know, a lot of customers can push in github things to production without Testing and generating issues probably not as deep as in classic but they still can push things to production that customize and break things and Probably won't bring the site down but can generate For them you you're also and code analysis, you know, like, how deep you go is never going to be in the code of the customers because it doesn't scale, right?\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:24:45.158Z)\nSo, where we need to understand this, you know, what in the framework we need to do better to make it stable and non, you know, that it's not sensitive to, like, yeah.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:25:00.147Z)\nAnd that's a good point and I agree with Robert for Aurora. The thing is, I don't think we will be able to change it on Classic because that's exactly, Classic was made to allow deep customization but we should learn from these events and think on how we will make Aurora handle better these cases. That's the big question.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:25:23.747Z)\nI think if you move to a new model that might solve your problem. We had similar feature and for functionality again. I mean, the functionality was similar that customers could add their own modifications or customizations to the application, but they were never allowed to do that. All the customization used to go through the PST. Will do all of their customization and they will deploy on their UI environment or test environment once they are, once they okay them, then those are moved to production.\n\n So all the changes that used to happen, they used to happen via the customization team of PST.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:26:04.579Z)\nyou know exactly what you are putting in there I would love that that's the business strategy that the customers who bought the product bought the product because they could customize it and they will not be locked with our PS team and we can't change that now we can try to change for new sales and try to understand if the business strategy would be like this or the PS team would be great a lot of revenue do a lot of things we would Control everything we could influence how to implement but we are dealing with people that bought the product because of the how they can customize and that's not only teams that have internal teams to customize but they already have service providers providing services to them.\n\n\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:26:48.189Z)\nThey already have agreements and contracts going on that they have GraziTi talent and multiple other service providers that are specialists in providing customization for What I remember from, you know, discussion with Adi and Andrew Fowler, because these two people specifically said that whenever there is a issue with the customer customization, they were involved.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:27:20.158Z)\nBut that probably just based on what Corvus did, that was make everything to make customization. Happy including. But they didn't have a team probably people was jumping to help the customer just to make the customer happy even if that mean going making the company go to bankruptcy. So yeah that's what we'll do we'll get you to at least uh to the state which is basically acceptable saying that you know this particular summit happened and that caused this particular problem so we should stop there in these cases they are say shouldn't indicate that customer push customization broke things here is the proof here is the commit or the svn and and should stop there and then if the customer wants help to understand them It's a good route to the PS team.\n\n The PS team can sell you hours of a technical advisor to go over to Review it and everything there. It's a good way to, okay, if you need help with your customization, we have a team that is specialist on that. We can do it, but we are just stopping on your change cause the problem and that's it. But definitely good thing for all of us to have in mind starting And I discussed it a lot with Balaji already in terms of how we are always putting these in the loop of the investigation.\n\n Something broke, first thing we have to check is the customization was pushed by whom, when, and if that could be the cause or not.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:29:11.944Z)\nAnd one more thing, I think so this was, Balaji correct me if I'm wrong, this was same Cisco event which did not have an IAM, right?\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:29:25.504Z)\nNo, there was an IAM for this.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:29:26.984Z)\nThere was an IAM, yes.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:29:29.626Z)\nAnd if you go to the IAM document, the specific SASVN commit is there.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:29:35.469Z)\nThere you go.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:29:36.449Z)\nIt's right there on top of that image.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:29:50.040Z)\nIt bothers me that we had to have an IEM and engineering and IEM and support a lot of people involved because the customer caused something but until we are in that point that we can separate things and we can identify that it was indeed something caused by the customer we have to investigate but that's nothing we can do there. We just need to get better in identifying these cases faster and, with time, improve the product in terms of our order to deal better with these and prevent future occurrences.\n\n\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:30:25.870Z)\nBut that's a good...\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:30:31.013Z)\nAnd just to be sure, even if the customer didn't ask, let's make sure we add to the ticket the root cause of We had other two ones in Care and in marketing. The one I was looking at, it affected multiple customers and I was in doubt. In the beginning, it was mentioned that it could be a meta issue, but then we pushed the fix in terms of timeout and things like that. Probably we don't have the full RCA yet.\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:31:05.433Z)\nI don't know It's being finalized.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:31:09.938Z)\nI put a few comments earlier today.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:31:12.700Z)\nOkay, but do you know if it is both things or one of them, Pablo? It was a meta issue and we increased the timeout to handle better or all on us?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:31:26.550Z)\nIt's on us, for sure. Okay, let's finish it with what I've Read so far. It's on us. And CSAT and PS2. This is the feature monitoring push that basically triggered an issue. So it's going to be on us too.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-22T14:31:46.569Z)\nA feature monitoring push?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:31:52.611Z)\nSo the channel is like the, yeah, anyways, it's going to be part of the RCA, but it's basically Okay, I saw that customers are pushing for the backfill and it's blocked.\n\n[Jose Monteiro] (2025-10-22T14:32:05.642Z)\nI don't know if someone is looking at this. Okay, okay, good. It was blocked 30 minutes ago. There is an ongoing one. This probably I am still in progress or I don't know if it's it's monitoring. I'm just concerned a bit that it fixed by itself and we just restarted it, but probably another one that RCA will be needed to make sure that we can actually fix the issue and not just solve the actual problem, but probably we don't have much information now to discuss.\n\n Okay, any other one that we we miss it here that it's good for us to discuss between the teams?\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-22T14:33:14.902Z)\nThank you all. Cheers, Chris."}