{"transcript":"# Skyvera Kanban - Weekly Review\n\n## Topics\n\n\n## Transcript\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:30:22.961Z)\nand go I have no idea.\n\n[Mohammed Amer] (2025-10-22T14:30:55.552Z)\nI mean, we don't have any tickets in the past couple of hours.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:30:58.253Z)\nSo I guess if we had an outage, it would be burning.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:31:02.176Z)\nThis is an outage. No tickets for you.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:31:05.418Z)\nIt's an outage. Let's start. If there is an outage, there is an outage. It doesn't impact what's there. So we start with Lithium, as always. And we completed the development of the functional part of the feature and reviewing it. And I expect us to release a new version tomorrow for you, Carlos. And you are going to be missing two things, more extensive documentation, how to use and convert Alt and Radius configuration from previous one to the new one, and some performance testing and optimization.\n\n So we expect in the next couple of weeks to complete this. I still think that the most critical path is the upgrade for 24 rather than specifically the functionality itself. It was very limited. Change was in the front end, MGR only. And we expect it to be smooth. And we still want to validate performance to see if there is no major impact. And this is trending very well.\n\n[Carlos Ramirez] (2025-10-22T14:32:17.871Z)\nThe way that I imagine the transition is right now they are running on release 22. Then they should upgrade to release 20 or let's say 0.3.20. That is the one that we are using for other projects right now. And then on that release, do the minor upgrade.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:32:45.195Z)\nAnd they are upgrade only. So very, very limited. The change doesn't have any impact, so they can upgrade and not enable anything. And then once they enable it, there's going to be, I mean, nothing's going to stop. So you need to, I'm not expecting. So there's going to be like a small time that things are going to be out because something needs to change, but it's not going to impact the router or anything else.\n\n So there's going to be a delay because the configuration of the message is going to change like the functional one, but it's not going to impact anything else.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:33:28.558Z)\nI see.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:33:30.100Z)\nThey will need some maintenance window work. I don't know, 10, 20 minutes. But other than that, it should be fine.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:33:36.625Z)\nMaybe not even.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:33:40.982Z)\nYeah, I think to push all the message out, block new messages, change configuration, restart and then...\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:33:53.645Z)\nYou can just stop synchronization with MGR, do all MGR changes and start synchronization with MGR. That should be enough. And then you don't need to stop anything. Then you don't need to stop anything because all the messages will be applied as they go along. We can test it, but that should be doable. Anyway, that should be simple. One point I wanted to say, you should basically, Carlos, move to this version that Marcelo gives you already, because then you don't need to do minor upgrade.\n\n Then everything else will be just configuration change.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:34:30.786Z)\nThere is zero impact. This is only one config. If it didn't move, just move to this one. It's just minor in MGR. Zero impact on anything else. So it was like, as we said last week, it was like a nice solution simplification that makes everything smoother. So, but we are done and I'm going to prepare that to you and share. And then next week we start some documentation, the short spec, and then we'll do some performance testing and optimization.\n\n\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:35:01.507Z)\nThanks for the day.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:35:03.988Z)\nSo that was Lithium. To Kandy, we stopped all the activities in Kandy that is not AS2 to push AS2 forward. What I did was to create an SOW for the geo-blocking as required by Nerula. So it needs to be validated and shared with the TSALAT. It has, I think it's like 20 pages of explaining in details what are going to be the limitation, what we're going to implement, and what what we're not going to implement, how we're going to handle geolocation.\n\n I don't know if you know, but UAE has like, it's like a dream inside the dream. Like they have a portion of the country that is Oman. And then inside this portion of the country, Oman is another portion that is UAE. So there is not trivial to support geolocation for UAE, but it's explaining exactly how we're going to do it. So this is going to be delayed but I think Etesalat can reveal and decide what are the limitations that they want to overcome and if it's acceptable for them.\n\n Okay, for AS2 I'm going to let Rafal present. I can open the document.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:36:22.726Z)\nBefore we go to the big point, what about this WebRTC changes are still being in the cards or we are not doing anything?\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:36:40.382Z)\nThat's what I just said. I wrote the SOP.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:36:44.223Z)\nGeoblocking in WebRTC, this is what you are talking about.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:36:50.305Z)\nOh, yeah.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:36:52.085Z)\nYou're not talking about anything else.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:36:54.726Z)\nI forget that you talk about geoblocking. In Acrobits, so sorry.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:36:58.709Z)\nNo, no, no, not even looking in Acrobits, at Acrobits, just WebRTC, that's what was agreed, and the SOW is only for WebRTC, and it has all the details. Technical documentation, how we're going to use the, there's a lot of things there, and everything that Atisolat asked, there is a response, are we going to test it, and things like that. So I would expect some feedback, but there's something that we can work through during the next month since we have AS2 to deliver.\n\n\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:37:32.273Z)\nTo your point, Marcelo, we delivered one spec, right, for the geolocation, and it's being slowly deployed. So I think first deployment will be, part of it will be next week, I think.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:37:45.038Z)\nYeah, it's the web RTS, it's the mobile because we need to deploy to the stores so people can start upgrading before we enable the geo-blocking. But there's no actual blocking information. Again, it's the first pack and it's part of the SOW, the explanation why we should also deploy that. It's in parallel. In order to use the new mobile client, we need cores. So we need to deploy, but this is already planned.\n\n Working with Alexis and Farhan. You were able to create this.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:38:27.544Z)\nSo for AS2, actually decent progress. So all the prerequisites are done. Initial mobs are done. SBC4 configuration is done. I still need to go to Nios for validation, but basically we have already set up that we believe it's production ready. Candidate design, we are working on AS1 and AS2 configuration. Basically, what we are doing, we are setting up new domains on both so we can pass calls across.\n\n And I think I had some successful calls today. Happening event, the first one. So that's actually better than I expected. We have problems with IP phones. So we will There are two. One, UAE is blocking everything. But even when we write this, we still have problems with IP phones, so we have to go for it. But basically, the status is like this. Deployment, we are finalizing KS full setup. And we are starting very initial testing.\n\n I wouldn't call it insanity. It's just first calls to see whether anything is even connecting properly. And Alexis helps a lot, because he unblocked us a few times. Because we have some network issues. What is pending is I need to propose to at least a lot the migration strategy. We want to do percentage based and I think by tomorrow we'll know. I think 99% we can do it. We just want to confirm. And this will drive the schedule and alignment on migrations.\n\n What else? And that's the only thing we have to learn from this slide. The other one is timing. Now, right now, what I'm planning is we'll finish the project early January, like middle of January. There is a chance we'll make it end of the year. The problem is, depending where our cutovers of the traffic will come, they will come close to the end of the year on the Christmas. So it may down, meaning like if we can do everything before Christmas, we'll finish.\n\n If not, the final deployments will happen in January.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:40:47.113Z)\nWe should not change the planning dates right now. If opportunity arises and the TSLite agrees, we can push forward, but we should maintain the committed dates and not try to push anything. Right now, what I'm saying, I didn't show it with the TSLite yet, but right now, I'm saying like it will be like you have a buffer we're saying you have a buffer and then we might need this buffer so right now nothing changed you just like did this two things quicker and we have a buffer yes for when shit happens we can use that one question so one thing is any dependency uh on uh it is a lot the only dependency right now is actual alignment on the and doing the cutovers.\n\n\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:41:36.030Z)\nThey will have to work with us on the switches.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:41:38.712Z)\nWe need to open maintenance CCs, these maintenance windows and everything, no?\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:41:45.037Z)\nYes, but we have to know where to open them. First, I have to align the steps for them. In my plan, I already have two, three weeks before I know I have to open CC tickets. It's part of the plan.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:41:56.965Z)\nThe difference is that some CCs, need to be executed by Etisalat, not by us, because the traffic is going to be moved. That's the only dependency that we have, and that's why Erfal is saying that it needs to align. The CC that we requested yesterday was quickly approved, so right now we don't see any risk on our CCs of software not being approved, but the alignment and actually moving books of traffic into the SBC4 So I am the same opinion as Marcelo, we keep the buffer, we don't change the date, because it's much better to keep the word instead of giving some...\n\n\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:42:50.913Z)\nThat's what I'm saying, I have to share this with them, I want to align the strategy first, then we'll share with them the dates when we want to do cutovers.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:42:59.747Z)\nAnd is there any dependency on the BAU team? Because I believe that they need to execute some task and I need to make sure that Alexis knows what needs to be done.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:43:11.035Z)\nSo Alexis help us with right now with network issues. But I think it's him anyway, because he's a network person. And once we go to the testing phase, I will need help. But I think I may need more help from Amircom even than from the BAU team. Because they can, they have phones, they have all the stuff ready, so we will ask them for the sanity testing as well.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:43:33.008Z)\nAnd okay, so.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:43:35.410Z)\nI have to talk with Tahid about it because I don't hear, I'm not sure he's aware, but I'll tell him what I need from him and see how he responds.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:43:45.558Z)\nAnother thing that if you, after you finish, I would like to raise an Emircom topic, and we will...\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:43:56.553Z)\nI can go deeper, guys, if you want, but that's basically high-level stuff.\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:44:00.635Z)\nWe will...\n\n[Rafal Hryniow] (2025-10-22T14:44:01.836Z)\nI will attach to the document the sheet with the testing and the status of the testing. We'll update them similar as Marcelo did in NDS. So there's... I will also go and... But this will be the main document that I'm sharing. I will keep it updated every week. And you have the progress there. Status of tests and all the other things.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:44:22.813Z)\nSomething very specific you add, I want to spend some time on, on questions too.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:44:28.597Z)\nOkay, one thing that I would like to raise is, EMIRCOM has some idea on how to keep our product into operations and not to be so a Baitela box. I will need some time from you, I think Vish and Marcelo as a start, to discuss the points that I received from Emirko. So Marcelo, who is my focal point? You or Vish? Or both of them?\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:45:15.625Z)\nDo you want to discuss like the...\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:45:19.087Z)\nFor example, we want to discuss the feature mapping between Telavox and UCAS and our roadmap.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:45:28.693Z)\nThis is what... It's just here, so I suggest start with him to define the plan backlog and then you can send to me so I can propose different things, I can be in the call if you want, it's your call, you and Vish's call, I can be there.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:45:44.250Z)\nI will schedule a call for tomorrow and I'll send you this list for your visibility on what Emircom is looking for. That's it. That was from my side.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:46:03.639Z)\nI want to talk a little bit about Cloud Sense. This week was a little bit quieter. Maybe Emir has a different view but I think We did not have any outages.\n\n[Mohammed Amer] (2025-10-22T14:46:15.118Z)\nI did not wake up at night, so no. Yeah, it's quite serious.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:46:21.203Z)\nWe had a couple of stock orders, stock issues.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:46:28.249Z)\nPriyanka has all those. Yeah, so we didn't do any changes in production, so we still should see some, but we did changes in sandbox that was like the problems, and because of that, it's quieter. I'm really thankful for you.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:46:45.230Z)\nAnd what product is going to be that?\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:46:48.152Z)\nOK, so I'm going to explain that. So we had five issues that was identified in RCA. The main issue was related to this solution management that was breaking. Most of the escalations were related to sandbox, to release to Sandbox the day of the outage, like two days ago, and we didn't see any issues. Later, we agreed last week with DR that we're not going to push a production in the middle of the week, especially because I don't remember the name of the product, but he said, no, no way.\n\n So during the weekend, we are going to push all the production changes. It's for orchestrator, solution management, and security, also PPR. So this is going to solve most of the things. This weekend, we are going to deploy a media sandbox. We are not going to deploy production wide. Next week is end of the month for Spotify. The change that we did for media is huge. And I don't want to impact. There is no noise on Spotify right now and no noise on media.\n\n So the deployment of is going to be delivered this weekend, and apply to production is going to be delivered 9th of November. If there is major issues with Spotify, we can anticipate to the 1st or 2nd of November, but right now we want to be steady and we're not going to touch media for now. The last thing that we have is related to Token refresh, we do not have many. The problem there is token refresh, it changes all the services and mainly the security service that impacts everything.\n\n And there are no sandbox there. So this weekend we are going to deploy the change to security and the changes to sandbox. And then we're going to delay the actual production releases to 2nd of November. Is no way around that. We cannot do that both at the same weekend, okay? So I would expect solution management and liquid to be resolved this weekend and we still have the token refresh. Sometimes that we handle that quickly without impacting customers a lot and then the other weekend we're going to complete everything, okay?\n\n That's more or less it. I didn't see any other outages or alerts that have major impact. I know sometimes there is some message and the messaging system, sometimes there is a FW, a freewill, but not something that impacts customers or people raising escalation on that. Okay, that's about the RCA's and the... Any questions?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:49:50.200Z)\nJust a thank you.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:49:52.338Z)\nJust one point, every CR depends on validation sandbox, so it can be canceled at any moment. I'm not going to deploy anything to production without 100% certainty that they are correct. So I'm talking to Tom, I'm just sharing things with Diego, he's the Tom manager now, and explaining to them that they need to track their release notes and their release information, and then we are not going to make any exceptions for quality and not changing the process of deployment.\n\n I suggested that last week, but the R was... I meant that we didn't want anything deployed in the middle of the week. We need to know when it's going to be sold, but not change our processes. So we're not doing that. About R38, we are doing some minor improvement for customers, something very small in the UI, so they are happy after we broke some things. So we are doing one from Comcast, and they continue doing the R38 baselines, running really, really, really slowly, working with engineering to try to speed it up.\n\n But we knew once we move the other one out of Cloud Sense that we might have a bit more of delays. It's manageable. Is waiting for this. Lastly, I'm spending a lot of time this week trying to document CloudSense to give a better view for engineering, for TPM, but also for anyone else that works the product. It's very extensive. People can understand the business side and the technical side. I'm also discussing answering questions to anyone that asked me.\n\n And I'm also setting up something with Irvin to go over the ways we use AI to do upgrades. And the teardowns are important part. You can view that as a baseline for a brain lift. You see there are a lot of insights and information and functions and use cases. And I think it's important and something that was used. And the last thing, I was doing a sanity check on our environment and I realized that we have 2,200 sandbox orgs on top of our services.\n\n This number is unsustainable. This might be part of why sometimes we have garbage in our sandbox environment and it falls. I'm also doing some sanity checks on the production environments. There are some weird things. And this is part of the off-boarding specs or process that they want us to do to clean up anything from customers that should not be there. Also for cost, but for compliance. So I'm pushing towns and I'm pushing anyone that knows what's happening with these environments clean up and at some point we're going to do some major cleanup.\n\n I'm just not doing that now because we already pissed off some of our customers, so I'm just preparing to do that beginning of next quarter. Anything that is not documented and no one knows what it is, is going to be deleted. Just make sure everyone knows about this. That's what I had. If you guys have any Any requests, any problems?\n\n[Aravind Asokan] (2025-10-22T14:53:34.114Z)\nAdditionally, I would also like to thank you, Marcelo, on offering a recurring meeting with the peers. I'm gathering all the names that are interested in attending these sessions for the Monday that as we talked about. Thanks for that. I'll schedule some time with you on a recurring basis with the team. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:53:55.879Z)\nThe only thing that you need documentation, if it's not like business, side or too far from technical, you can ask. We're going to put as part of the plan. If you say, okay, I want to, I'm pressing you guys to get me the information on not liquid for the name of the company that you are trying to upgrade. So we understand the business cases and you can create a scenario where I'm helping TS do these upgrades.\n\n\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 2] (2025-10-22T14:54:22.899Z)\nWe have Tesleo, we have AI, we have the code, we have a lot of things that I can help. So, we can work together, we can ask things that we don't know. Sometimes I'm going to say, no I can't help, sometimes I'm going to help. And the most I can do, it's part of my job. I don't know everything, I'm learning. Also, the exercise of teardowns was very important for that.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:54:47.413Z)\nSo, ask away and I try to do the best that I can.\n\n[Aravind Asokan] (2025-10-22T14:54:55.176Z)\nDefinitely, yes Marcelo, yeah. Thank you so much. We'll also learn together.\n\n[Elena Loghin] (2025-10-22T14:55:01.357Z)\nSame thing for improving knowledge into the PS team is for Kandy. We discussed about that. And this is one of the points that also our customer wants us to improve. But we do have a plan.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:55:24.810Z)\nI've got a team from someone on our team that's trying to gather the information from collect-based articles, everything that I can help, I will. And I also want to organize that, push more work to MS and CS, and try to document and make things faster. It's a process. But again, when I discuss that, I'm not going to get into the process thing.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 2] (2025-10-22T14:55:48.061Z)\nBut I'm trying to do my best now that we have more stable and quieter like knocking the wood because it was a problem but again I'm reviewing all clocks since and errors from MS and all alerts and things like that so we we know everything that is the next problem I'm trying to work around that but still it takes time for like I know that times are getting pressured and you need to be patient because when you fix that and for all, and not have like facts.\n\n\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:56:23.690Z)\nSo that's what we are trying to do with the process. And I try to follow that. Go ahead.\n\n[Aravind Asokan] (2025-10-22T14:56:36.438Z)\nJust a quick update on WBD status. So the solution number four that you have recommended for PG, we have implemented it, plus made some tweaks to it, introduced a flow. It seems to be working fine for in-depth. We have pushed it for a site and once that is done, I'll keep you posted on the progress there. Thank you so much for the recommendation. The freewheel subscription process still remains open.\n\n Once Hari is back, that is the essay, the solution architect for this project is back. I'll gather more details and schedule some time with you, Maslow.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:57:12.373Z)\nWe can discuss. Again, I don't think it's necessary, but we can discuss with him. I just want to say that recommendation was from AI. I didn't know about that and I wanted to show you how I did it and I just asked the same question as the person who opened the ticket to AI in the environment, in the context that I had and this is what he answered. So it's all produced to AI and I didn't know if it was going to work.\n\n I'm glad it did.\n\n[Aravind Asokan] (2025-10-22T14:57:41.714Z)\nYeah, it did work. Thank you and thanks to AI and that's where we'll also seek out to improve, right? So this session with you will definitely help us as an organization. So looking forward to that as well.\n\n[Conference Room (Marcelo Skaba) - Speaker 1] (2025-10-22T14:57:53.429Z)\nIt's great. Great, thanks guys. Have a great end of the week.\n\n[Carlos Ramirez] (2025-10-22T14:57:58.733Z)\nThank you, bye. Have a good day."}