{"transcript":"# Eng<>TPM goals checkin\n\n## Topics\n\n\n## Transcript\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:33:29.508Z)\nLet's just see if somebody else joins. Mila cannot. Tamar cannot log to the client. Gregor cannot. Fila cannot. Well, it's again a reduced audience. So what I wanted to do is we already quite into the quarter, but something that I feel and that I feel we're missing. I guess it's a couple of things, but the first one is alignment on the actual goals we have for the quarter. So we just started with the compounds and whatever we have, but I would like to make sure that everybody that will say It kind of knows what they have as an objective.\n\n And the other thing is about how do we report on a weekly basis. Let me just open this. Not fully prepared there. So the way it works is that we actually put the name of the people on delivery tracker. Do you have the link? Thanks, Robert. Yeah, so that's the thing that I would like to make sure that we review. So I know that Dhaval is not there, but basically when he reads the Read AI transcript, which I'm sure he's going to do.\n\n\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:35:20.969Z)\nWe can confirm that Dhaval and Milad have discussed this. It's all confirmed that we believe it's achievable. The only thing is we asked to refine the securities. Security vulnerabilities used to have a clear scope, and that's been done.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:35:41.346Z)\nDid you put a comment already? No, it's been done.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:35:48.589Z)\nSo as it's written, we believe it's committed to.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:35:53.531Z)\nSo that's exactly the type of thing in the agreement want is saying hey this is not clear enough and then we we actually you know if we say something is not feasible we can play with the scope likely we can uh we can adjust whatever is there to make sure that we uh we reach the goals um so you know this migration of uh of customers is actually something that we will not be able to do, or I don't know why there is still something here.\n\n But with the discovery that we write, or is it writing analytics data inside the container, inside the VM? It's not something that we can basically do in a stateless Kubernetes type.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:36:47.071Z)\nYeah, there's too many things tied to how things are deployed today. One of them is the generation of analytics, the whole of analytics, both for firehose integration as well as care integration. And the more that we mess with that, the more we're going to find.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:37:10.272Z)\nSo do we need to replace this with something different?\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:37:16.153Z)\nYeah, Vinod had an idea already. I had discussed that with him. Or Milad, I don't know, one of the two had already an idea what to replace it with.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:37:29.026Z)\nYeah, the idea was to replace it with the stability goal, basically. And make sure that we, because I guess we have, OK, so we have two options here. Either we start with whatever is needed to remove analytics from those machines so that we prepare the work for doing this next quarter. Or we focus on something with more impact.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:37:52.476Z)\nMark hasn't started on this goal yet, so can we remove it from here, or mark it red at least, so it's clear it's uncommitted, and take it offline to decide whether there could be a net replacement goal for it?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:38:07.444Z)\nI think my takeaway was the following.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:38:16.351Z)\nI think my takeaway was that the ROI seemed good initially. Now it's way harder. And rather than doing that, I think we should, now that we have RCA's almost, we should put back in the RCA's and then make decisions on what improves stability, right? I think that's, that's a better path, right? So that's when we'll know what the better goal is once Does it make sense or anybody has a better view of what fixes this freaking product?\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:38:46.762Z)\nLet me just for now, let's try. The fix out of memory errors in Aurora. Leo, this is something that anyways we need to do. That already looks in a good space or a good place. ZHAO.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:39:24.413Z)\nYeah, we are just waiting for the rollout of 25.10. That didn't happen. It should start. Happening on Monday. It hasn't started yet.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:39:34.312Z)\nYeah, it should have started yesterday or the day before. I heard about it. Nobody has. Yeah, OK.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:39:39.434Z)\nSo we are ready for that rollout to make sure that we fix the most, if not all, of these errors. And then we go from there.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:39:49.098Z)\nSo but that's a committed goal for this quarter. I mean, that needs help. Well, I guess same here, Robert. Certificate renewal.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:40:01.873Z)\nYeah, so we committed to the goal as it's written there. I'm uncomfortable with having the feature strategy there because I know it delves into other things such as internal certificates that are a much broader scope. So I prefer we remove the strategy.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:40:24.294Z)\nI'm just sorry, I'm just. What he linked here.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-22T14:40:29.929Z)\nIs that certificate management a company-wide problem or is it for communities? Because we've had discussions about other products and certificates.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:40:40.035Z)\nWell, it has a specific renewal problem because it's using certificates for customers' domains. And some of those domains are hard to renew because they need additional checks. Yeah, it could become a problem. Company-wide solution, but that's not in scope for this.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:41:11.783Z)\nI'm asking him to put the right document here.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:41:16.946Z)\nIt is the right document, but the scope of the document is broader than the scope of the goal. So when it comes to the end of the quarter, the question is going to be, have you met that? And I can say, we have a long-term solution for community certificate renewal.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:41:46.691Z)\nWe'll do the same usual suspects here. Firehose, Leo. The scope being reliability and stability issues on this as a committed goal and a stretch goal on longer-term strategy with...\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:42:02.928Z)\nYeah, sure. We're defining the task that we're doing. We're on the first minutes back. It's clear what we need to do. We just need to do it.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:42:22.254Z)\nThat is not started yet. Yeah, but likely this is the one that is going to be replaced. The other one. But we still need the analysis of this is something that is in progress in terms of the scope. Well, not scope, but I mean actual time. Task that need to be done there. I find this one a bit more blurry on oversight, to be honest. So in any case, in this one, we haven't started. And I take it that we need to make it more measurable and actionable too.\n\n The analysis is going to help with that. On the community side, and this is Aurora migration, we have the automation builder.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:43:27.405Z)\nI met with Ngoc in the lead on this as well. The rule border one is fairly well-defined and it's achievable. The graph AIPI is achievable. Analytics needs bit more clarity. This particular Kanban's rather small and doesn't have much leeway, so there's a lot of risk in the delivery here.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:43:52.072Z)\nOn the risk on the delivery of what, sorry?\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:43:55.915Z)\nSo there's a lot of work and limited capacity, so... Are you on row 30 or row 31? All three of them. Oh, 30, 32, 31 they're all the same Kanban.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:44:07.483Z)\nFrom a little tiny cat to a big tiger.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:44:12.212Z)\nYeah, but also for other Kanbans, if there's overrun or additional issues discovered, we've got enough leeway to deal with them. But because this Kanban is only like three people and has a lot of work, there's no real room to move on this one. So I think it's got the most risk of any Kanban in terms of the delivery.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:44:34.768Z)\nI think that goal number two in that selection will take a seat on the bench. I mean, the idea is to really deliver something that customers need and the insight is that we don't really want. I'm guessing it's the best worst thing we can do. We'll work for a quarter, not make anybody happy. You will have spent the money, we'll have worked, but nobody's happy. So I don't think we'll actually work on that.\n\n The interim goal on that will transform into TPM creating a clear parity map on what do these products do differently. And then like BU coming from I'm digging the tunnel from the other end and saying how customers are customizing the product and then figuring out if there's anything in reach achievable. So I don't, I'm not sure we'll get to work on this, but I generally don't like the idea of saying, oh, we said we're going to do that.\n\n So we're removing a goal and not putting anything back. There's nothing to fix now, but I think, I mean, like it's, it's a, it's a unexpected comment that the Kanban is not well-staffed. Or doesn't have the full accomplishment. But there's something to learn from that. It's organized differently.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:45:38.837Z)\nWell, not staffed, but it's got the least buffer, which is, yeah. The other thing is Milad mentions that for Aurora Analytics, from his look at it so far, he believes it might only be a single feature. If that's true, it might all work.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:45:57.564Z)\nNo, that's the concrete part. Not building things for the sake of building them, shipping them and not moving the needle in terms of user adoption. So there are very few concrete things. And that might be true. It doesn't mean it will deliver that goal. And that's for DPM to sort out. But yes, delivery will be probably quite small this quarter. I was hoping that that will turn into, oh, awesome. We can use those people to do more on the others.\n\n And they're like, mm, no. It just enables us to deliver that. That's the thing that doesn't make me super happy.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:46:35.166Z)\nSo what we're saying is that we're going to prioritize the root builder and the APIs. And likely, this is taking a second position in the priority.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:46:53.570Z)\nFor my information, how big is this team?\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:46:55.552Z)\nI think it's three people. Yeah, it is, which is rightfully can be, but most of the others we've been able to supplement.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:47:22.963Z)\nThat's what we have. On the one side of the house, I guess, this is on Circon. So why is it red, by the way? Somebody put things in red. I don't know why. Because it says TBD. So the goal is pretty broad, and this is why, I guess, Dragos put into the TBD as is. But the scope is every day better defined, I would say. So we started with the specs that you are working on, which are the low-hanging fruits and the link in bio.\n\n And I'm going to be finalizing the at least first pieces of K1 publisher analytics features to be built based on the gaps on marketing. And that should be what makes the customer happy in using K1 instead of So the goal is written without an actual, you know, something that is difficult to be measured, but this is what we have right now.\n\n[Hasan Serkan Yilmaz] (2025-10-22T14:48:59.752Z)\nAds will not be included in this quarter's scope, right? Ads, advertisers, ad accounts.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:49:09.738Z)\nThis is not the proposal. I'm finalizing, I need to finalize today by the way the proposal for what we're going to work on during the quarter, it doesn't include ads. It's going to be, unless the customer tells us, I don't care about what you have there, I do want advertisers as a top priority, then we'll change. But in principle, what they've told us so far of what I've seen in Customer reports because I haven't talked to them personally is that they wanted to get first the analytics parity and it's true that analytics is a one publisher is very weak so it does make sense to start with that.\n\n\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:50:03.757Z)\nSo I want to make sure this is concrete we're done going with the view to make sure we can talk to customers. Up until now.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:50:11.870Z)\nSo right now, the scope is what you have. To be continued next week, I hope that, well, I hope next week we'll be able to basically have a naturally closed scope for the quarter, and we'll make it clear in this spreadsheet. For now, I guess you have enough work, so you can write with the link in bio. It's not a small thing. Social taxes, this quarter, fairly easy one, by the way. We don't have much, right?\n\n You did do a few.\n\n[Hasan Serkan Yilmaz] (2025-10-22T14:50:45.876Z)\nYes, we did two of them. And there is an upcoming November.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:50:52.478Z)\nJust for clarity of this audience, this is not engineering work in terms of writing code and committing codes. It's actually demonstrating things to their social networks.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:51:04.203Z)\nIs that correct?\n\n[Hasan Serkan Yilmaz] (2025-10-22T14:51:05.563Z)\nThat's correct. The analysis for the January and February duplications we will be preparing before January I think 13th. And if API upgrade we will be checking if there are breaking changes and the rest of the work is like filling some documentation and recording videos.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:51:39.945Z)\nSo that's the work there, is keeping things working, basically. The 16 kilobyte memory page size is, I guess, a trivial goal that we can do now or later. I haven't, well, I haven't written But it's a very, well, I guess it's a very easy one to fulfill. We just have to do it. And the stretch on polychart is likely going to drop based on the size of the first goal that is currently highlighted. I'm not sure we'll have time to basically work on this one.\n\n\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:52:25.667Z)\nAt this stage, we don't have context to commit to either of those goals on 35 or 36?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:52:35.837Z)\nWell, 36 you don't have to commit. It's a stretch by definition. A stretch for me is like I'm 70% sure, 50, 70% sure I'm going to deliver it. And if the context is not there, then you can't even say that that's on top to hedge. So there are some We all define goals. This is week number four. Are we at 30% across all days? And we probably could be great if we keep track of it.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:53:02.083Z)\nThat was the second part. I was trying to go like, well, it's already 53. I was trying to go through the goals and get this commitment, and then talk about weekly reporting and where we are. But we almost finished. I guess I get that you don't want have enough context here to work. I agree. I'll do that. I'm expecting this to be very, very small. The backlogs. Is this the one? So is this Robert? Oh, it's on Robert.\n\n\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:53:44.306Z)\nI thought it was Aya because it's mixed between Leo and some In reality, we're aiming for zero for the backlog, because it's the only way to achieve Joe's expectations around age. So maybe that should be a stretch goal, but that's what we're pushing for.\n\n[Zoltan Szalontai] (2025-10-22T14:54:09.345Z)\nWhat does it mean in addition to the SC7 soft tickets? Can you give a pair of numbers to that goal? SC7 soft tickets?\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:54:22.682Z)\nSo when we say SC7 soft tickets, what we really mean is if we start the quarter at 400, the SC7 should keep it And so excluding that, you're wanting to drop 100 as well.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:54:37.468Z)\nYeah, I did.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:54:38.549Z)\nSC7 is delivering 20 per week, or something per quarter, or I don't know. It doesn't measure. So why can't this be? Times, 10 what's the order? SE7 times 20 plus 100, and that's the goal.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:54:56.825Z)\nNot what SE7s are though. An SE7 is not a unit of capacity or a commitment to solve X issues. It's a commitment that we will resolve all the issues that arrive. And we will keep it under seven days, SLA.\n\n[Leonardo Lima] (2025-10-22T14:55:11.410Z)\nThat's a new definition that I'm hearing.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:55:15.022Z)\nI think that the worst thing that we can do is have the people on SE7 to solve only what's new and the other people solve only what's That's all that's important. That would be counterintuitive.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:55:46.357Z)\nThat's not what's going to happen. We're going to solve as many as we possibly can.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:55:53.103Z)\nI'm just interested in the overall target. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I've always heard Joseph saying 20. I know you guys check back, but it's a messy one because it's like three plus something. I don't think you want to track things on who's doing what. I would handle them and make it simple to report. Publish the goal of zero tickets. Just impress them. You don't have to tell them. It'll be like a surprise party.\n\n\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T14:56:17.602Z)\nZero tickets is already a published goal. It's in the engineering budget review. And it's probably the only goal for engineering that Joe checks, that we hit the seven-day SLA.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:56:30.251Z)\nNo, I know that. But I do think you have a lot of reasons to not hit it on Kayako if you want to invoke them. So anyway. But anyway, back to this goal, I would check with Joseph. If the 20 can still stand, whatever your big goal is, I would count something that can be confidently reported, because even the BU has been asking, what does it mean, and how do you measure? And make it to total, to 50 in total, and deliver against that, and beat the hell out of Beto, because you guys will just clean everything, or most of it.\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T14:57:12.040Z)\nBut we are, so yeah, we are more than aligned on that one, if your actual goal is zero. Okay, and on the cost optimization, Chris couldn't make it now, but then you can see there. Oh, you're there? Oh, sorry. So it's, in a way, an easy goal, right? You have 1,000,000 I mean, it's easy to say that this is the goal, right? And it's actually extremely measurable and we can see the progress. Yeah, we've been selling progress yesterday.\n\n We've been testing a very wide net looking a whole bunch of areas.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-22T14:58:09.758Z)\nThere's currently about 800,000 on the board that's in the process of either having been taken off or going to be taken off. I'm chasing people to approve CRs and do that. We are working on the rest of the money. I mean, the issue is getting the rest of the money. It's not hard.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T14:58:32.016Z)\nFor this audience, the interesting question is, do you need What kind of support do you need from the rest of the wider team to deliver that? Anybody who's assigned to review a change request or Or there's a document there's a whole bunch of documents we have for Chris put together a document.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-22T14:58:47.745Z)\nLet's looking at like 150 environments 150 demo environments, like why don't we need those?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T14:59:05.225Z)\nFor the product team, I guess.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-22T14:59:08.307Z)\nYeah, there's different owners who could look at that. There's a whole bunch of communities that don't have any hosts. So we're just paying for CloudFront and ELBs and things like that. And my one is if you're tagged on something, just look at it when it goes to like a week Nobody responds. Even if they say no, it's okay. And tickets are kind of like water falling out of the tickets. So I can't start a strategy to consolidate load balancers before I clean up ones that should go away.\n\n So that's the only request. Anybody who is paying on a ticket or... It's okay. It doesn't have to be 24 hours, but... Somebody look at it or find the right person. If you're named and you're not the right person, whatever, that could help.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:00:03.144Z)\nThat's it.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:00:05.385Z)\nI think it would be useful if you guys specifically say who needs to provide inputs. Because for the demo environments, for sure, for example, engineering was back then. I don't know if engineering can comment on demo environments. Yeah, that might be the case.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T15:00:26.414Z)\nWe are running out of time. The other thing that I wanted to make sure, and we need this to happen during the day of tomorrow, is the reporting bits. So we're going to use the TPM and SAS weekly reports that I said last week, we didn't use this one last week. This is going to be starting week 43, but it's not there yet. But basically, it's going to use the same type of format. What I would need, I guess there are some that are easy.\n\n Last week, we had a very hard time getting maintenance one. So Leo and Zoltan, if possible, I don't know if it's one goal, so we can even put them together, but it would be good to have the actual numbers of things that are closed, things that are reopened. I would say even in a consolidated manner, because we only had communities last week.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:01:38.029Z)\nYes, I was away in the last two weeks, but from now on I will provide There's a request that keeps coming back on pruning the backlog. My understanding, after AI looked through that, people looked through that, it's most is legit work. There are very few tickets that we should not work. This is not TVN where you're, this is not Cloud Sense where you're killing some app and then only to realize that you actually want to launch it.\n\n This is not, I don't know, this is not any of that. I think that our only chance right now is if the BU wants to take some bold decisions. For example, when DR said at some point, any ticket that is on an unsupported version, I'm just going to close it. So we should make certain proposals like that. But knowing Ignite, I don't think they'll end up forcefully closing any tickets that are legit bugs.\n\n Just expectations. So I think that it is what it is. We are looking at 100.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T15:02:37.880Z)\nI have a very different view to that, and I think it's really about what do we want to spend money on. And the BU hasn't said they want to spend money on resolving the whole backlog. But we brought the whole backlog in anyway, which doesn't really make sense. And so as a result, engineering is investing budget in resolving the backlog. And that's not the right situation. Perhaps we should talk about this in the context of what we want to do in future imports.\n\n Now you're spending money because bu is spending money or I didn't get sorry maybe I missed you're saying that the bu doesn't want to actually fix those bugs it's just that we didn't ask them we're not we'll not want to fix to spend this money once you ask them that's what you're saying yeah if you take the bu the choice you know do you want to fix this bug or do you want to build this feature they're choosing to work on the features and not the bugs which means you know we've got all these things in the backlog that the bu doesn't want to work on now because they're in the hypothesis next time we'll meet with them I definitely doubt your statement but there's only one way we should ask the view again I am under the impression that that was very it was clarified but I know yeah never right we don't have to work for free right we don't have to work for free we don't say to the bu we'll fix all your bugs and you don't have to pay for it But that's the situation we forced ourselves into by not following the process we did in the past.\n\n\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:04:07.065Z)\nMaybe we should not keep everybody on the call, but I don't really understand. I mean, I understand the world, don't get me wrong. We never closed tickets just because we want to get to a number that we can fix. We closed tickets because we took some decision to say, OK, by your point, I'm hedging this, I'm not investing in it, or because there are bad products. Or very old tickets with no activity, but not on a number basis.\n\n I don't know.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T15:04:37.003Z)\nI do have some questions about the report scene. So, when we're reporting, are we reporting on Kanbans or Golms or Spicks?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T15:04:51.428Z)\nThis is one box per call. At this stage. And I think that makes sense. The goal is supposed to be measurable, and maybe not all 100% measurable, but they're supposed to be. And then we can basically say, that's the progress, and that's what is left to fulfill this goal.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T15:05:15.609Z)\nOK, cool. We're probably also going to need to add a percentage progress for the goal or something in the sheet, then, so we can to make sure we're tracking how we're progressing on it.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:05:27.561Z)\nLet's go to the purpose source of the other thing. But yes, we need to do that as well. At least the on-track, off-track. And that's why my question is, do you guys feel like we are 30% on all goals? And the answer would be no. Moreover, we have two goals on red because they have TBD elements in them. So I'm aware of them. But that's nothing I can comment on, any of you guys, other than Pablo and Milad, if you're not on clarifying that.\n\n One for the other, we need to see a path towards delivery. Now we're running out of time for today, but for me, that's the most useful conversation. What's the path for completion, knowing that more work will be required for the red ones that have scope to be clarified.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T15:06:09.102Z)\nIn terms of these updates, who does it? Is this an engineering or a TPM? Are we saying both?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:06:16.986Z)\nWe've always did it with TPM doing it. I don't know for what reason, but it seems like in this wider group, the communication seems to be, I don't know, let's say, maybe not that efficient. I don't think I care. You guys can arrange it as you wish. If you want to take a first pass and then a second pass.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T15:06:34.687Z)\nYeah, I think that's what makes the most sense, as we did during the import. I think in the engineering, the engineer that is responsible for this should basically do the first pass, and then I will go and do a second pass. I don't know if you want to do one, Robert, but I'll come and basically do a second pass to make sure that I get the information I need, and I can report on progress.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T15:06:59.667Z)\nOK, so what we've been doing for the other updates is each Thursday, the engineers do a day sync, and we have a set time that they have to complete it by. Otherwise, they join a meeting, and we work through getting it completed. So we'll do the same thing here. And that means on Friday, we'll need the TPM to jump and review, refine.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:07:20.712Z)\nGiven that we have the BU weekly checkin on Thursday, I would use that as the reference date. And any big wins from Thursday to Friday, we can retrofit them if we're aware of them. If not, we'll just report them one week later.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-22T15:07:35.042Z)\nAre we still doing the weekly updates or not?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:07:41.366Z)\nThat's what I'm hoping. I mean, weekly corals, the panel leadership I'm hoping that Eric will continue to attend because, you know...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T15:07:49.667Z)\nSo, it's two different things. There's a meeting and there is the doc that we send every Friday evening. And both things still happen.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:07:59.674Z)\nHere's my simple view. We need goal-level visibility. The weekly Coros report, it's not the place for that because it's like 360 across all views. Let's have this as a clear view of how we're turning towards the goals that are being paying us a lot of money on. And on Friday, we'll summarize into the weekly the gist of this and point to it for whomever wants to Read more. That's my pattern. If you look at the last few weeklies, they are just like a big table of goals on track, off track, and some key updates.\n\n I think at the global level, that's all that matters, and the link to this one for whomever wants to get more. This way, we make Jamie happy, but we actually also keep our focus on the goals with some rich, meaningful updates. Trying to zip them or mp3 with my loss rate.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-22T15:08:52.449Z)\nI think we're done.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-22T15:08:54.009Z)\nYeah, hot, hot, hot. Are we 30% across all goals? If we're not, what's that? That's the important question or important.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-22T15:09:11.170Z)\nThanks, everyone."}