{"transcript":"# Khoros kanbans checkin\n\n## Topics\n\n\n## Transcript\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:33:18.135Z)\nSo it probably needs something that is more measurable.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T12:33:23.256Z)\nTo be fair, I marked a lot of the ones that's uncommitted to force the guys to look at it and update it. So some of them might be on the pessimistic side. After Cirkin reviews it and provides us updates, it might be. OK.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:33:43.581Z)\nSo one important thing that I commented through I think we should do a reverse kind of agenda, reverse planning, sorry, of when to fill this in. Because the ideal situation is that we have now, like on Thursday, whatever time is it for you guys, right now, the first version of this document, maybe it's not finalized, maybe it's not polished, maybe it's not to be 100% shared broadly, but we already have the engineering, the company now with something.\n\n Because then it will help us go into the next meeting in an hour from now with the leadership.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:34:33.141Z)\nI think that the reason for this meeting is like only, maybe only the leads of people, most people that have goals of track and like like that join and we just repeat the progress and discuss plans or how to position the peer and what to do about that. In an ideal world in my mind it's before this call somehow TPM updates this because there is a clear communication channel as opposed to chasing people like people know that hey that's what I usually is expected from me we'll go into a 15 minute one-on-one it's there in all other in other other countries TPM will provide the updates I think that this one is still trying to to adjust, so we're doing this like two passes, it can work.\n\n I'm not saying it can't work, but I honestly don't want to... I'd like the judges to join this meeting too, and I don't want to look at incomplete goals, to be like, oh, it's like a walk in the park, 13 minutes so that we discuss about the plan or how we are, we settle with our faith or, I don't know, being in some trouble. So I think, because otherwise, it's too expensive meeting with too many people.\n\n That's why a short one-on-ones on kanbans my mind make more sense ahead of time. This one becomes more like... This meeting is... Throughout the day, yeah. At some point. Let's do that. It's just more efficient, by far.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T12:35:53.593Z)\nOkay.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:35:54.173Z)\nBut you do have... I don't mean that the interim updates are here or are provided through something else. It's actually irrelevant, right? To pass through another document or something else doesn't really matter. It matters that this is a checkpoint where we all say that's our understanding of where we are. And I mentioned that, I think, previously. Goals really have three states, on-track, off-track, done.\n\n There's also off-track, not started. And on-track, not started, because sometimes you do have a plan to start later, but you also do have a plan to complete. But really, there's nothing else. And I'm not necessarily like a maniac of saying it should be like 30%, because this week is whatever. Yeah, sometimes But everybody, like the involved people, do have a clear view of how to make that, deliver that by the end of the quarter.\n\n That's what on-track means. Now, I definitely don't want to show the BU uncommitted goals or going forward just saying, hey, we're busy working in progress, right? So the status is on-track, off-track. That's all.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T12:37:01.477Z)\nOK.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:37:02.838Z)\nMake sense? I mean, I don't want to dictate something that's obtuse and doesn't make any sense. I'm just saying that it seems to be efficient and focused on the outcomes.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:37:11.212Z)\nThat's all.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:37:15.436Z)\nIt does make sense, yes. But I mean, yes, indeed, in progress, maybe. Yeah, the status can be different. What we can see is we are basically at 25% in the quarter. Three weeks out of 12. Modest.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:37:35.778Z)\nWe don't know that. Do we need to surface that to the business unit or to Jamie or to...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:37:39.720Z)\nNo, we don't. We don't know. But I mean, when we... Raising eyebrows when we don't... It's actually not required. 10%, 20% here, 14, 5, whatever is basically off track. That's what I Read when I Read that very quickly. So, we should be at 25% progress if it was a linear kind of progress, right? But when we see this, this is what I said at the beginning. I Read pretty much everything here as off track.\n\n\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:38:11.684Z)\nIt's chaos. Let's shut down and go have a beer. Somebody has to deal with it. That's how it looks like, I'm sure it's not that. I do understand where we are. We're not that bad.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T12:38:28.243Z)\nthe progress hasn't been surfaced until now. So after we surface it, then there needs to be the discussion between the can-be-made and the TPN saying, OK, why is this? Is this because we started last and we expect to accelerate? Is it because there's too much scope? Is it because, you know, all those sorts of reasons? And probably a lot of these are very easy to bring back on track.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:38:51.467Z)\nOr they turn into, you know, like there's work to define the scope. That's very common as well. It's just better to define the scope. I can't ask you for a commitment in the sense like it's a guarantee. It's more like, yeah, we can see the direction. We still think that it will work, that there should be a path to work out. It's just about to work to define the scope, and now we don't. But you still should have a view of whether it's on track or off track and highlight the risks and whatnot.\n\n I don't necessarily think I'd like to show this to the view. Is internal and we kind of clean it up during the next few days so that it gets to the state where we want to be at next week on Thursday. In the current shape, I think that's a problem. And I don't think I want to squeeze any of you guys. We can present progress just focusing on what our blockers are and just tell them that everything else is fine.\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:39:48.431Z)\nI guess the first thing is, I didn't fully get it. If those were numbers that were provided by the kanbans leads, Robert, you said something about that you did this to basically trigger some conversation. I didn't understand that part.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T12:40:06.509Z)\nI'm sorry, I added a template and I put a lot of it to your site and then asked the leads to update it. Most of them have been updated. The K1 hasn't been, but the direction around the percentages was I asked people to find an objective measure to use for that, such as the number of minispecs complete or the number of tasks in the minispecs complete or something like that.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:40:34.123Z)\nOkay.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:40:36.663Z)\nI think a good quote is number of minispecs done out of the entire strategy and the strategy should have some placeholders too, even if they are not written. That's the path. Completion.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:40:51.408Z)\nOkay, and that's okay. So I guess that's something that, as Drobos you mentioned, we can work with. We as TPM work with the kanbans lead to make sure that it's aligned and up to date. Now, this is not to show to the EU. It's not, I didn't think about showing this the view that do they see this report like this is a public thing we've always published that that's a good surface area to kind of like go through during a weekly checkin with the ceo again maybe not this week but that's yeah that's the answer yeah no this will be uh surfaced because I think it's indeed good data to be basically get into the weekly updates that Jimmy shares.\n\n To me, I was seeing this as input data. But if it's also seen by, this is probably basically needs a bit massaging, yes.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:42:05.530Z)\nOK, last 20 minutes. How do we want to use them? We have a call with a view. What are the goals? Well, we're doing it because we in on the whole chorus, not because you have a call, but messaging is important too. That's the big picture. In terms of stability, I think that the last week has been better. I'm looking from the distance, but there were not so many outages. We were going into a place of stability.\n\n I think that we'll get all RCA's done by the end of the week, right?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:42:35.281Z)\nWe have quite a few C's there, and I know Milan had an emergency, but we have of quite a few to QC, like something 12 that are here. So the work was done, and they're ready for QC. Maybe there are a few accepted, a few will be rejected. But I mean, we are making it. That's something that is not in this list, by the way.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T12:42:54.261Z)\nThat's a good metric to track. It makes us look good. I'm saying the trend line.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:43:01.845Z)\nYeah, but I mean, in this week, there was, and yes, I agree. And this week, there was a lot of work put into, into having this under control. But why? Because... And it's not... I see it's missing in this report.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:43:24.831Z)\nSo let's summarize. I'm taking some notes.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:43:28.414Z)\nI just want to give a short input. So it is not that we'll be done with RCS by the end of the week. It's a continuous cycle. So, we keep having new incidents that keep coming in and we'll continue to have...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:43:41.670Z)\nOkay, done with the RCA backlog.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:43:43.891Z)\nYeah, but the backlog and also that, you know, the incomings are inside the window of DSLA we have, right? So, back to normal operations, I would say, and not having RCAs that are there since a month and a half, which is what we had. Okay.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:43:59.015Z)\nSo, at the end of the week, we get to backlog zero. Next week, we'll have a very good plan for because I think that those RCAs will inform some better plans. So we've taken out the bean packing, and we'll put something, we'll make our choices on what actually moves the needle on, yeah, on available uptime, right, on stability.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T12:44:22.132Z)\nDo we have a metric anywhere that says repeat versus new RCA, like a, same kind of thing versus something different.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:44:33.931Z)\nOne day, we'll roll out a zero embarrassing outages metric.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T12:44:38.212Z)\nNot embarrassing outages.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:44:39.873Z)\nYeah, it's embarrassing outages.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:44:44.174Z)\nWe already had this, and we didn't do anything about it. I guess that's what you are after.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:44:48.836Z)\nThat's a better definition of an embarrassing outage. Yeah. OK, so on runtime, I don't have a clear metric in my mind. Good to just communicate your uptime, your number of incidents, or something like that. On RCAs, we'll get to zero backlog by the end of the week, by the end of this week, which means that next week, we'll be able to revise the stability goals that have to be changed or adjusted after removing bin packing, right?\n\n I don't know. I tend to think that overall defense goals are, all the defense goals, other than that one with bin packing, are well-defined, and they're also on track to complete.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:45:28.077Z)\nFor example, it's looking good. Yes.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:45:35.801Z)\nWhat are those goals? Has fewer than 250 bugs?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:45:42.404Z)\nThis is what we discussed yesterday. You don't know? Yes.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:45:47.126Z)\nI think I added them up. I said, like, deliver 250, not has fewer than Deliver 250. My takeaway was if an AC7 is broadly, like, And that plus the 100 can just be.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:45:58.751Z)\nMADRIGAL-BOROZKOVSKYI Maybe there are the incoming. So I think that's indeed what we said yesterday.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:46:15.724Z)\nI'm not sure what you're saying.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:46:25.732Z)\nIn the beginning, we said that we would reduce the backlog by 100 bucks. I think that's it.\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:46:34.799Z)\nI think we should target just remove the backlog. There's no way Jozsef would Read this and say, yeah, I'm very excited about having 250 tickets again in the quarter. So we're doing a lot of hackathons and AI investments, all that stuff, right? We should just target and see how far we can go. We can measure every week.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:47:01.431Z)\nI was thinking that it makes more sense to say the goal is that if 100 plus 2 plus 150 so 250 yes 7 plus main plus the kanbans as The commitment goal and the stretch goal to go to 0 backlog. That's what Robert mentioned yesterday and that sounded well I'm if you want to select commit go to 0 then of course a different story.\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:47:23.228Z)\nI Think it just sends the sensitive wrong message to To our teams to the be you Right. It's the baby sentences that we think it's fine to have 250 tickets. It's just as terrible as 350, right? So I think we should move this to remove the backlog, get to seven days average, right? It's not going to be zero, right? Of course, it's a large product, large customer base. So even if we have 30, 40, 50 tickets, it might be seven, 10 days average, right?\n\n Especially when we have 30 incoming, so it's like around 30. So I think we're just going to remove the backlog. If you want to set something, it should be like 0.50. And I'd rather fail on this goal than not set this goal at all.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:48:22.475Z)\nSo I guess the update on maintenance is set ourselves a harder goal, engineering, I guess. Doing all the hard work. Harder goal to go to to remove all the backlog to the point where you can keep up with the target metric of seven day average.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:48:50.415Z)\nupdating also the spreadsheet, I guess. It's already updated. OK. Somebody is faster than me. Yeah, OK. Back on that, you were mentioning on the defense goals. Yeah, well, that looks different now. It's a much more ambitious goal. I don't know if he's in track. I mean, right now, I would say no. If we take today and this.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T12:49:35.099Z)\nThere is a hackathon.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:49:36.619Z)\nYeah, that's the thing. There is a plan, so I'm not concerned. We'll see how we progress next week, but I wouldn't too concerned about.\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:49:46.751Z)\nSee, we made the goal 10 times harder and we are still not concerned, so we made the right decision.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T12:49:54.454Z)\nIf you guys, if Robert and you say that you're going to do it.\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:49:57.496Z)\nNo, it's going to be great, like the hackathon, it's going to be huge, I'm pretty sure, you know. I think right now we are 350 bugs You know, I'm pretty sure the hackathon will be a huge impact. I don't know if you guys saw the hackathon write-up. You know, we're happy to share. We have some bounty for the guys. And we, you know, people can join as a team for free. So I think it's going to be actually a fun two-days event.\n\n\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:50:30.129Z)\nUsman, that's a good learning for our C index.\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:50:34.230Z)\nOur C hackathon. Yeah, I don't know if the RCA or the maintenance hackathon is the least marketable. Imagine you are in San Francisco and like, hey, there's a bunch of good hackathons, here's this RCA hackathon we can go to.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:50:56.907Z)\nYeah. I have to go one by one here. It looks like it changes for the entire document. When you change the values. So I will put it off track. OK, we'll put the right text there.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:51:14.029Z)\nMy suggestion, let's just align on the messaging with the view. Put the real message, the view, because this will not get healthy in one hour. So I would use your guys' time for that. I'm just taking some rough notes. So moving to notes, it's clear Defense, is it fair to say that all the defense goals are on track? That's my view, but...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:51:39.866Z)\nNo. I don't think it's fair. The maintenance backlog in EC7 are trending there, but still...\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:51:49.532Z)\nMaintenance is maintenance. For me, it's like defense. Defense means security, accessibility, out-of-memory, as I'm going through Tom Firehouse, For me, those are the...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:52:03.152Z)\nWell, if we look at the actuals, I would say, well, this is what I'm sharing. I don't know if you guys see.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:52:08.633Z)\nSocial talks. On track for me, I'd like to look at the metric to give confidence, but I'm also fine with an on track where The team has a clear plan to still complete it by the end of the quarter. I don't think we need to report things as off track, as long as there's a clear plan we are confident in.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T12:52:45.605Z)\nYou don't have a clear plan, right? So I haven't seen a list of security vulnerabilities So I can't say we've got a clear plan to address it by the end of quarter. OK.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:53:03.777Z)\nSo accessibility isn't right.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:53:06.199Z)\nTopic then. Is there going to be a new plan that we put in place where some sort of quarterly scans needs to get run for the product? And the reports needs to be sent to. No engineering or relevant teams, how do we plan to handle that for photo specifically?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:53:27.663Z)\nI didn't understand this one, sorry. A new plan for what?\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:53:31.165Z)\nSo, for any SOC 2 or other certifications that we have to be compliant, I believe there needs to be quarterly scans done for the product code and infrastructure and all, right? And based on that, the ability reports generated and then engineer would know what vulnerabilities needs to be fixed.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:53:59.164Z)\nSo the vulnerabilities that we have in this goal, I didn't react because I saw them pass, so I know that this list exists, including the jQuery stuff that was fixed. I don't have it just right now, but this list would exist. I'm surprised that it's not there. I'm 100% sure I've seen it, but it comes from customer reported, uh, you know, as well. Um, well, as of today, I'm not aware of, uh, of that.\n\n Like, at least Danielle didn't tell me we need to run this.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:54:42.385Z)\nThat needs to be checked because I'm telling you, uh, for all the other software compliant products, Javed is chasing me, right? I need to have the scans done every quarter for all the other products and then have the reports generated and sent to the CS so that either they report it to engineering or to SAS, depending on what type of vulnerabilities those are. There needs to be something similar for us too.\n\n Otherwise, in the next audit, this is going to become an issue. So somebody from the Compliance needs to, you know, act on that. Otherwise, how would you know what vulnerabilities are there? Customers are not going to, you know, find those out for you and let you know.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:55:35.050Z)\nNo, indeed. But I just like it's not in the plan right now because there was no requirement from the EU or, you know, from the EU compliance to basically ask us to do that. I just sent a message on the compliance chat to just ask them if there is a requirement.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T12:55:49.054Z)\nThere is work on the kanbans. What you're saying, Guzman, is that I think that there's more coming that we are not aware of\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:55:56.841Z)\nUnless it's an emergency and we need to fix something now?\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:56:07.089Z)\nProbably right now, no.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T12:56:11.100Z)\nI think. The last quarter just ended and we are in a new quarter. So again, I think it needs to be pretty. It needs to be clear to us that with whatever requirements is it quarterly scans or by quarterly yearly? What is the requirement and then based on that?\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T12:56:30.788Z)\nYeah, probably we need to involve Daniel and get that. Usually it is not a like we can have do away with a quarterly scan and an end of the year report. That is what usually is asked from ISO or SOC. But yeah, let's involve Daniel and talk about that because that will be an overhead always. That we would have to do.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:57:08.021Z)\nOK. I cannot find this. So I only find the jQuery on security. I was just trying to check this now live, but I need a bit of time. And in our kanbans, I only see the ID see the jQuery one. So I don't have that list right now. But where is this 20% coming from then, Robert?\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T12:57:43.777Z)\nThat was Devel's estimate. So maybe he's seen a list and he's saying there's five and And we've done 1 of those 5.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:57:51.310Z)\nI don't have a good answer and a good way to communicate this. Right now.\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:58:22.050Z)\nIsn't it why we're here to fix this?\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T12:58:24.351Z)\nSorry?\n\n[Jozsef Czapovics] (2025-10-23T12:58:25.691Z)\nIsn't it why we're here to fix it? So you have a good way to...\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T12:58:31.653Z)\nYeah, yeah, yeah, no, this is what... But I need... I can do that, but I don't want to waste nine people's time looking for a spreadsheet. I'm going to find this and, you know, in the next hour, basically. And make sure that we have a good plan. I think overall, like, the work and the scope the team has is being done. To me, this percentage seems, when I maybe check with Avan, fortunately, Milad is not there.\n\n But yeah, I'll make sure that I have this information in the next hour. And it should basically look better. What was your question? Dragos saying communication for the EU on the defence plan. The other topic is basically the foundations which cover mainly the certificate management, the firewalls stability and the overall stability of the platform. And on that front, I think that from what I got yesterday and today the certificate one is making good progress.\n\n Robert, I think this is on you, so.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T12:59:53.610Z)\nYeah, it is. It works out the environment setup, and we're working on understanding it more to the subsequent specs. But I'm pretty confident that it'll get completed in time.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:00:06.539Z)\nYeah, we have a plan, and we have a way to execute it. We don't see any blocker. That's what I would think, too. And on the health and reliability, we're showing this off track. But actually, we do have a plan. So I think this is a bit pessimistic. Because what we mentioned, we've made progress. So if we communicate this to the community, We're making progress on the backlog of the RCAs. We have a plan to basically run a study on those RCAs to make sure that we understand the patterns and the way to represent the reliability of the platform.\n\n I think that's a good message. So I'm not really concerned about that. If we go to the offense goals, I also see little numbers here. I'm wondering if this is because we did the cloud upgrade, right? Cloud 3.5 to whatever 4.5 upgrade for Flow.AI, which I think was done by this canvas, even if it's not Aurora. So I'm wondering if this is what impacted the progress here. Do you know, Robert?\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:01:45.545Z)\nThere was some work. I think the bigger impact is just the number of mini specs and the strategies. So I did this update with Nock a few hours ago. And initially, he was saying, I think it was the first one, and the second one's 10%, but then he looked at it and went, actual, that's progress on the current mini-spec and there's like five mini-specs in there. I think what's probably going to need to happen is to have a discussion about how many of those mini-specs are required and how many of them are really stretched or nice to have.\n\n\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:02:22.988Z)\nOkay, so the action here is that Milad and Noko talk together and see what we want to actually, so I guess you're mentioning this, right? Yeah, yeah, go. OK. So we're making progress. But if the scope is all this, we're not going to reach this by the end of the quarter. That's what I mean. Yeah. And we either reduce the scope, or we or say that we're not going to reach the goal?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:03:15.344Z)\nI don't think that the second is an option.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:03:21.087Z)\nI mean, that's, yeah. Yeah, yeah.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:03:26.349Z)\nNo, I never quit item once we're done.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:03:30.371Z)\nYour audio is funny. I don't know.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:03:34.733Z)\nYeah, your audio, you're a bit far. Largely muted.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:03:39.007Z)\nI'll just say a lot of these numbers are low, but I think that's real for where it is at this point in time. And after there have been those discussions about how to mitigate that and manage it, that's when we'll be in a healthier spot.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:04:04.929Z)\nOK. This one doesn't look good, but it actually looks better. There is a pilot update on the K1 migration that I'm doing related to analytics and the work that has been done so far. So I mean, this is not well-represented. And there's some work from my side with Circuit, basically. But this is the information we have right now. And the thing that we can be doing or not, this is basically on track.\n\n But as soon as we have an agreement on the actual scope, we're going to be able to remeasure this. I would leave it off track, but actually it lacks a real plan on the analytics migration side. We didn't discuss the cost optimization, by the way. This is something that I wanted to quickly. I don't know if, David, you're still there.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:05:05.966Z)\nYeah, it's off track because we're lower than we were hoping to be at this point. But its velocity is increasing. The numbers are finally starting to go down. Pipeline is getting healthier. We have some blockers. I'm going to be more vigilant on the blockers to try to to review what they have to review. Another concern you see on top is just new costs. New costs are popping up all the time. I know we have that exception table, but if you look at those, those are 100 new nodes.\n\n 100K worth of nodes just this month. So the costs are going up. That's $1.2 million. A year. So again, it's cost of doing business, but I think that's like the biggest, the thing that concerns me most at December 31st is all the costs that weren't there October 1st and are there December 31st.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:06:16.224Z)\nWe discussed about that. You need to track it and associate with the owner, right? This application basically said, John, Or, I don't know, like the leads, like Jozsef. Or Suki, right? Suchi, right? She spin up new demo environments, a million of them. I don't know. It is what it is. But we need to connect. And I think that the dollar value needs to be absolutely critically correct, as long as we broad strokes understand what's the impact, like some I mean, we won't solve the problem, to your point.\n\n This is a business that has a lot of dimensions, and you can't fight with the windmills, either, hoping to kill them. So the update should talk about the current executed savings, because at the end of the day, you committed to save $3 million. That should give us a certain total return rate.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:07:23.210Z)\nIf you look below, you see $600, about quarter, $650 and we're three weeks in, so it's below where it's supposed to be. That's why I said we're off track, because we need to be at, like, a million. It's actually more, because we do the estimations before the end of the quarter. We do the estimations in the middle of December.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:07:45.669Z)\nThe complete is in the quarter, right? Sorry, in the week, sorry. 153, right? That's, that's, these are the real life savings to date, this quarter.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:07:57.241Z)\nAnd total, that plus in the pipeline is over half of the goal. Again, where the main work is identifying money and finding money and putting it through the process. And even once we find money, there's just so much work. Like we have a ticket now for Cassandra. It's about $200,000. We cannot, we can't just say, oh yeah, let's move to single AC, right? There's a lot of work. We have to build a backup.\n\n We have to build the, how do we take backups? How do we, you know, the clusters, the replication, like we have to literally just go through, literally dot the I's and cross the T's. It just takes a lot of time to go through everything. So it's just taking time, but it's not, it's not a, it's not a rant. Flag off track.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:08:46.605Z)\nIt's just off track.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:08:48.346Z)\nI'm not going to say we're on track when we should have been at this point probably at like a million dollars. So we're at 650. So it's not an alarming red flag. It's just we're off track.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:09:00.432Z)\nAnd when will it be on track again?\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:09:06.155Z)\nI'm going to push very hard to get people to respond and to unblock if we can get even the money that's in the active pipeline that gets us back on track all that second row so if that active 90% that is real that gets us back on track so I don't think you'll realize the I mean, based on that demo environment email, I'm sure we'll keep some.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:09:38.023Z)\nI'm sure they'll keep some. They won't all go away. They'll keep some. So I know that's like a component. Probably many of them are in that state where you're.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:09:46.606Z)\nNo, no, no, no.\n\n[Krystian Lieber] (2025-10-23T13:09:51.847Z)\nSo the moment we get the decision that then we will create a CR and it will be counted towards the money. So right now it's not even here.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:09:59.338Z)\nSo active means the work. Active means no.\n\n[Krystian Lieber] (2025-10-23T13:10:06.182Z)\nIt is at least pending approval from the TPM SAS and compliance. So we've done the work, we have the solution, and we are just waiting for approval. This is not something that we think we will investigate and maybe we will remove.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:10:23.473Z)\nOK.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:10:24.353Z)\nMaybe a better term would be like valid. Savings or viable savings, inviolable, something like that.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:10:33.180Z)\nOkay.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:10:35.202Z)\nSo what are the blockers there? Do you want to outline them so we can start tagging people and make sure that the front wall folks are catching their decision? I understand you are in a...\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:10:47.850Z)\nWe need to get into a bit of a more structural Yeah, so one thing that could help, and I don't have a great solution, because one of the nice things about Tempo was that you pick the ticket and you have to work on it, and currently we have these change requests, and then it's published in the DPM channels, published in the SAS channels, published in the engineering channel. When somebody theoretically picks up the ticket and works on it, but there's no Like I can't like set a prank or whatever.\n\n I'm not permitting things.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:11:26.622Z)\nThere are enough function leads in this call right now. Plus we need to do the same with the BU obviously for nothing else. Basically simply say every two days clockwork, you make sure that anything older than created, I don't know, not in that day, but in the previous day or two days before needs to be approved. Like, I don't know, is that something that Rahul or anyone else can do?\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:11:53.387Z)\nWe follow that only like every two days. I ensure that I go to the listing and approve all the pending tickets.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:12:01.570Z)\nSo yeah.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:12:04.371Z)\nDo you want to, I don't think it will work, but at some point on cross over, we started just like sending people emails that they are not doing their work. No, no, one second, one second, one second. Hear me out. The moment we started seeing the function leads, things changed. And I'm not trying to bash people. I'm trying to get the function leads aware that they need to carve out their time. That's what I'm saying.\n\n This is not the way of let's beat up people because it doesn't work. Because I'm sure they're doing something, like everybody's like working hard. I'm just saying, let's discuss about, let's do something like that. Every, I don't know, with some cadence, whatever it works. That's something that goes out and goes to Jozsef, if there's engineering, me, whomever, Kevina, even Eric or Ben Jozsef, because I know who of them who looks there, and puts a name on it and say, it's valuable change.\n\n I need you to press a button. I need you to do that. And it's sitting more than a day, more than two days, actually.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:13:05.561Z)\nMaybe we can improve the process a little bit. So do we need approval from compliance on the cost saving you know, CEO tickets, really? Is there any reason for that?\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:13:17.651Z)\nBecause if we skip it, there are some, there are some that require, right? Not all tickets, some tickets require compliance, yes.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:13:27.115Z)\nWell, then the other thing that probably we can do is do a bi-weekly CAD meeting for Horus only, where we ensure that all the pending tickets by that time are approved by that, in that meeting. Otherwise people are always chasing.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:13:41.938Z)\nThere was a discussion with compliance earlier about this, and they said if we do risk assessments, we can exclude the low risk ones from them needing to approve it.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:13:55.684Z)\nYeah, but it doesn't. I mean, we don't have those exceptions available in JIRA, right, Robert?\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:14:00.586Z)\nI mean, here's my point. I guess the big question, maybe some, I don't know if it's compliance or otherwise, The multi-AZ, just as a high level statement, is that in a contract somewhere, or is that somebody's decision that they want?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:14:17.767Z)\nThat's a simple question that needs to be basically assigned.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:14:23.472Z)\nThe answer is, and it's not enough for them to say we're contractually obligated. Even if we're contractually obligated, I want to know the cost. And if we're not, we have a penalty of a hundred thousand dollars, a million dollars. Because the amount we're spending across the company, multi-AZ has so many different layers and unless there's some GDPR or something or another.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:14:45.558Z)\nIt is one of the certification requirements because we provided them the proof of multi-AZ as well with the audits recently, very recently, and again complies with the team.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:14:55.425Z)\nThe team is one of the requirements of what, I'm sorry?\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:14:58.867Z)\nOne of the security certifications that we have, it is a requirement for one of these, you know, compliance requirements. Certification. I don't know which one. Rahul, if you remember, please share to have multi-AZ.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:15:15.962Z)\nYeah.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:15:16.962Z)\nMulti-AZ is a compliance requirement.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:15:22.645Z)\nRight. So I'm going to push back and I'm going to say, just because somebody somewhere decided it is, I need to see where that came from The lawyer, Jozsef. I mean, it's ridiculous. Okay. You know what? I'm going to go back there again. I'm going to say that cost you $3 million. Great. You decide if you can figure out a way to get that out of the, because it's not about high availability. I'm not going to even reference what happened a few days ago with AWS.\n\n It's not about that. It's about the fact that it's there because somebody decided that it would be great if we had this great architecture where everything was talking to everything all the time. Like just saying hello, like a chat, like a social network of machines. Ridiculous. So it's not okay for that to say, no, we've got a requirement. Where's it coming from Compliance, by the way, that you can't pass our guides, Oxley or any of these things without being multi easy.\n\n\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:16:13.507Z)\nThe thing is, I, I know for sure, because this is something that we gave as an evidence while, uh, this thing. So they actually asked us for an evidence in the auditors on a call that, uh, we need to see where you're. Things are multi-AZ, how are they hosted?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:16:33.111Z)\nWe can make a bucket be multi-AZ. We're burning time here, right? I think my simple takeaway is off-track, we need to put in place a better CF slash BU lead sign-off process. And David, let's discuss about that because otherwise you'll keep paddling.\n\n[Krystian Lieber] (2025-10-23T13:16:59.930Z)\nI just want to say that the process, I think, improved this week already. Most of the stuff is already approved, so I think people are doing a good job right now.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:17:12.459Z)\nI'd like us to assume that everything will just blow up, because that's where we are.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:17:17.443Z)\nYou guys filed 20 or something today? Yeah.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:17:22.527Z)\nIt's never ending again. Yeah, but that's the whole point.\n\n[David Schwartz] (2025-10-23T13:17:29.260Z)\nI said this was going to happen last week, right? We're ramping up, like people are starting.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:17:33.782Z)\nNo, it's good.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:17:34.682Z)\nIt's good. It's not.\n\n[Krystian Lieber] (2025-10-23T13:17:39.905Z)\nBut we need then maybe a specialized meeting about the multi-AZ because I can see us delivering the savings this quarter with keeping the multi-AZ This will require probably some deep cuts into the EC2 territory, but we have another $3 million to save next quarter. And that is impossible, because that will mean that 10% of the whole budget, the end goal for the Q1 is $10 million. That means that 10% of the budget will be spent on just traffic crossing the AZs.\n\n That's impossible.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:18:25.610Z)\nI would say that let's you know involved compliance and view and let them take the decision because at the end of the day we like, We can talk about it as long as you know we don't, you know. Go ahead and screw up something or. Compliance comes back and says that, uh, hey fine, I need this evidence and I'm like, how do I get that evidence?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:18:50.607Z)\nYeah, obviously right? Okay, let's wrap up. I do have a question. How do we, one week later, describe uptime and product stability? Maybe Usman, Rahul, you guys can...\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:19:08.027Z)\nUptime, I can build dashboard for it.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:19:10.828Z)\nNo, no, I'm asking for an answer now. Like, if you look at the last week, how would you describe the PU, how the product is doing, and Pablo, of course, how the product is doing in terms of stability and uptime? What's the key message here? We talked about RCS as different. I'm just talking about uptime.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:19:28.685Z)\nThere are a couple of things, right? So there is a way to judge the uptime based on how the overall system is working. And there's a way to judge the uptime based on the incidents that are working, that are happening, right? So, what's the difference between the two?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:19:49.144Z)\nSorry, the first one is instance, the second one is instance. The first one is what?\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:19:53.567Z)\nThe first one is basically what is the system of time, right? The real system of time. How much is time?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:20:01.933Z)\nWe lost our metrics on that. Like if at least 20 customers affected, otherwise we're like, no, it's fine. Correct. If engineering set a goal to go to zero backlog, I'm sure we can set the goal to zero incidents, and then we'll just work towards that. Let's not count.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:20:20.816Z)\nI think that's what we've done so far. So far, the weekly reports were on SEV1 incidents.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:20:29.422Z)\nYeah, I'm only focusing on incidents.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:20:33.665Z)\nYeah, so on incidents, again, it is going to depend also, are you going to still call a single customer outage or incident? That would impact our overall uptime or it is going to be a certain percentage of customers get impacted. I think that is something we need to confirm and based on that we can calculate that.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:20:55.216Z)\nDoesn't SAS have standard uptime metrics that we report for a free product?\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:20:59.738Z)\nWe do, yes, and that is usually when either more than one customer impact incidents we do that counter towards But the thing is, we are counting the incidents wrong as well.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:21:18.616Z)\nFirst of all, I'll be very honest with you. The MTTR that we are showing in the incident is including monitoring phase, which could be days in our case.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:21:29.822Z)\nThat needs to be removed, obviously. You can't count that.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:21:33.822Z)\nRight.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:21:34.543Z)\nSo that is the point that Robert made. So let's, it's fine. Let's measure uptime and according to how we are doing it, and I think it will be rosier than it is. But let's look in the mirror and talk about the incidents, because that's the smell that tells us we are.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:21:51.036Z)\nSo we follow the standard process that SAS has. We have a monthly report that goes out for all the products, and Khoros is going to be there along with all the other products.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:22:09.493Z)\nI think my question was, what's, how do we describe the last week in terms of uptime? And I think you're saying that uptime is, we are contractually fine, I guess. I don't know. Is that what you said? But instance, there were, I don't know, what is that? What is that summary? What's the summary here?\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:22:25.824Z)\nI mean, I can tell you both last week if that's what you're looking for. I, right now, I don't have the numbers for you. I mean, like, what's the uptime?\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:22:37.097Z)\nOK, then it will be in the next week's report. OK, I think I will do part ways right now. And Pablo, let's spend some time to prepare for the COVID a bit. Because there are some other things we'll have to touch base on.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:22:55.403Z)\nOK. OK.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:23:00.784Z)\nThanks.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:23:01.684Z)\nPablo, I have a quick question. Sorry.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:23:04.554Z)\nYes.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:23:06.015Z)\nSo, for the guys who are working on product-specific kanbans, they have been saying that they don't have any spec work or kanbans work going on. So, don't we have any specs ready for them to work on or, you know, what's going on there?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:23:30.550Z)\nCharles and Azhar.\n\n[Rahul Barua] (2025-10-23T13:23:34.211Z)\nCharles, Azhar and the three guys. Yeah, there are three guys. And CEO work is still in progress. We have got CEO works happening, but on the other side, they hardly have any work. And I think that Charles was doing the RCA's last week, right?\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:23:57.045Z)\nAnd he still he hasn't finished by the way No, I think I don't think that message that way because that will I'll be unhappy very fast doing RCS because the DevOps pool could not cope with the RCS.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:24:08.092Z)\nThat's the second problem they have work or not, but That's the root cause, right?\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:24:29.675Z)\nOK, I'll check into this. Certificate management should be something that, Robert, I guess you guys are giving word to DevOps on this side. That was my understanding from Vinod.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:24:43.826Z)\nYeah, so we've had Muhammad, and he's been doing the certificate discovery. Basically, we pulled in the other work because he was still working on this and it wasn't complete. So he's had work to do, although I get the feeling he's not very proactive. So he wants us to give him specific individual tasks, whereas the spec is actually more proof of concept and exploratory at this time. Does that make sense?\n\n So it's not like we can give him 20 defined tasks they work through these because we don't know them yet we're still trying to understand the products.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:25:26.218Z)\nBut the SSL certificate discovery was already done in the previous quarter as part of a different spec and we have that spreadsheet already with all the domains and certificates.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:25:36.465Z)\nThat's not what I mean. I mean discovered learning how to use the product you know we don't we've just got access to it we don't know the capabilities we can't design an implementation plan until we understand how different parts work. So that's sort of what we're doing at the moment but it's quite reactive and we only have visibility about one tier here at the moment. So we do have tasks for him, he has been working through them but we don't have a long clear backlog for him to just keep pulling from\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:26:07.129Z)\nOkay maybe if we ask the kanbans leaders from your side just sync with them and tell them the expectation from them so they are either not waiting for specific tasks to assign to them or they know at least what they are working on because right now what they have been saying that there is currently no candidate work going on which they are supposed to work on.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:26:32.306Z)\nOkay, on the K1 side we'll need to check with I guess with Circum mainly on the work being done on the... But I don't have visibility on the specific DevOps work there.\n\n[Robert Egglestone] (2025-10-23T13:26:47.499Z)\nFor a lot of our other campaigns, the work is more at the code level at the moment, and it's all shifted to the right a bit. So it is possible that there's less DevOps work around that at the moment.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:27:02.507Z)\nIndeed.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:27:05.168Z)\nYeah, we have an elephant in the room with monitoring, so let's think about that elephant.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:27:11.411Z)\nYeah, I was about to say something similar. The RCAs. I haven't run the study of going through each one, but there are plenty of DevOps tickets there to basically improve monitoring or improve the process. So, I mean, if the guys are looking for work saying I'm idle, I do not buy this, to be honest. There's just plenty of things to be done. Okay, it's not yet straight as a reliability goal, et cetera, but we also have a massive amount of tickets from the, I don't know, 15 so RCAs that have been approved over the last week, where they can find work without too much problem.\n\n Okay.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:28:01.767Z)\nIf this feels random because the 50s are unimportant, then I think we should spend the time to prioritize what are those.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:28:07.272Z)\nYeah, that's what I mean. I haven't done it just this way.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:28:09.694Z)\nNo, I understand. They're not even approved. I know. It's a pile of RCA work that is about to finish. I can't imagine follow-ups being prioritized. But that's the meat of it. Let's get them done, and LLM will tell us what's the most important thing.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:28:25.827Z)\nI mean, if somebody is idled, you can take some kind of your best guess and start there, too. It's a backlog of important things. But yeah, indeed, we'll prioritize them.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:28:36.669Z)\nI think that's an interesting feedback from both Robert and Pablo. And I've seen that with people as well. A better message is like, I don't have any work, but I think this is important. Should I work on that, or do you want to do something else? And yes, in TVM, for example, you're getting specs for TPM, even Jeff. With the model we are doing now, it's a bit of a mixed one. So it seems like we have a new type of risk, which is DevOps is out of work.\n\n Keep signaling it, and we'll sort it out. I still think it's a better way to be in contact with engineering rather than giving it.\n\n[Krystian Lieber] (2025-10-23T13:29:07.998Z)\nIf DevOps needs some extra work, there's probably some approved staff from CEO that they can help.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:29:21.629Z)\nThese six guys are allocated for the Canvan work. So right now, if you want to use all six of them for CEO, sure, go ahead, please.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:29:35.842Z)\nto be done by the end of the week.\n\n[Dragos Nuta] (2025-10-23T13:29:37.643Z)\nLet's set a goal for that, please.\" analyzed, maybe Trisk can get a good hand, a good help with one, two days of focused work from those guys. Maybe we can do that. Monday and Tuesday, both of them move from RCAs because you're done to CO. Meanwhile, Monday and Tuesday, we have time to prioritize the availability.\n\n[Muhammad Usman] (2025-10-23T13:30:22.239Z)\nOkay, I think this is pretty clear. Then I'll go back to them, tell them, okay, RCA is your can-ben work right now, so make sure you are finishing all the Okay, there are 11 out of which six are rejected Okay, so let's let's talk about the other type of work once we get let's cross that bridge them.\n\n[Pablo Fernandez] (2025-10-23T13:30:54.982Z)\nOkay, yeah.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:30:57.888Z)\nThanks all, bye.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:30:59.131Z)\nThanks guys, bye.\n\n[UNKNOWN_SPEAKER] (2025-10-23T13:31:00.013Z)\nCheers guys, bye."}